CASSA Annual General Meeting 2010/01/28
=======================================

Meeting started 6:53pm
----------------------
* Location: Postgraduate Common Room (ECU Mount Lawley, 17.156)

Attendance 
----------
* Dave Cooper
* Glen Thompson
* Greg Baatard
* Gwyn Hannay
* Jana Buvari
* Jetha Chan
* Matthew Woods
* Nick Coucaud
* Steph Stidolph

Absentees
---------
* Jesse Hults
* Nicole Lisson
* Phil Rosati
* Robert Zhuang-Bentinck

Executive Committee election
----------------------------
* As per SCISSA’s constitution, the Executive Committee for 2009 stepped down and elections were held for 2010.
* President
	+ Nominees:
		- Jana Buvari
		- Jetha Chan (nominated by Matthew Woods)
	+ Jana Buvari voted into the president role
* Vice President
	+ Nominees:
		- Jetha Chan
		- Steph Stidolph
	+ Jetha Chan voted into the vice president role
* Secretary
	+ Before the vote, Jana talked a bit about the responsibilities of the Secretary role. Peter and Matt also talked about their experiences as former Secretaries.
	+ Nominees:
		- Stuart Pearson (nominated by Jana Buvari and Peter Hannay)
	+ Stuart Pearson voted into the 
* Treasurer
	+ Steph was the sole nominee. At Greg’s request, Jana went over the roles and responsibilities of the Treasurer role and a discussion re: record-keeping and financial accountability occurred.
	+ Nominees:
		- Steph Stidolph
	+ Steph Stidolph voted into the treasurer role
	
General Committee positions
---------------------------
* President's Advisor
	+ As the previous President, Gwyn Hannay is the only person for this role
* Webmaster
	+ Nick Coucaud and Stuart Pearson are our new co-webmasters. During their selection, a short discussion re: potential improvements and responsibilities occured
* Tech Admin
	+ This role was created as a consequence of the requirements to have the SCISSA server hosted at uni (two technical contacts were necessary). As we have two webmasters now, the Tech Admin responsibilities were folded into the Webmaster role.
	+ Peter Hannay will set up a remote root account for the new Webmasters to administer the server remotely, as only staff have physical access to the server
* Social Coordinator
	+ Nicole Lisson was nominated for this position by phone, but declined
	+ This position remains empty
* Staff Representative
	+ Peter Hannay will continue in his role as Staff Representative – he is “more than happy to sign the forms!”

Arcade Machine
--------------
* A payment of $300 to Greg Baatard has been authorised, to recompensate him for paying for Soojin’s work.

Treasury
--------
* There was no Treasurer’s Report presented, as ex-Treasurer Jesse Hults was not present. An informal discussion followed – discussion points were:
	+ Jana and Dave went to the bank and changed about $400 of the treasury into notes
	+ There’s well over $1000 in the cashboxes – this is fast becoming a liability
	+ Discussion occurred re: the merits of keeping the money in the office as opposed to a more secure location (e.g. Jana’s house), or a bank account
	+ Dave talked a bit about prior attempts to get a bank account and requirements for such
		- Requirements: 3 people, 100 points of identification per person
* A proposal with regards to establishing a bank account was presented – firsted by Steph, seconded by Peter

Our relationship with Facilities
--------------------------------
* After the events of 2009/02, we need to improve our relationship with Facilities moving forward. 
* General guidelines decided upon were:
	+ When organising events, we should go down to Facilities and consult with Lance re: how we should go about doing things BEFORE setting any dates
	+ Any advertising should be run by Facilities first for their approval to avoid a repeat of the beer keg situation
	
Calendar for 2010
-----------------
* Minilans
	+ It is going to be much, much harder to run Minilans now that SCSS support are no longer present and running lab machines as local admin is not an option
* Movie nights
	+ Dissatisfaction re: low turnout was voiced by Greg
	+ Nick suggested transitioning towards premieres of upcoming movies in actual theatres – Steph mentioned that bulk-buys are cheaper
	+ Social Coordinator will be charged with looking into this (pending selection of a Social Coordinator)
* Quiz night
	+ Greg, Peter and Gwyn have this all planned out, for the most part
	+ The bowls club has been consulted with regards to running it there; local comedian John Robertson has agreed to MC the event
	+ The quiz night will be run between semesters to avoid clashes with the PANiC quiz night and other events around Perth
* MegaLAN
	+ The last MegaLAN was run in mid-semester break – concerns with regards to assignments and clashes with other lans were voiced
	+ Gwyn suggested that the weekend after the week back from mid-semester break should be good as most people’s assignments would be due just before.
	+ The MegaLAN will be run on Saturday April 17
	
CASSA vs SCISSA
---------------
* Peter put forward that we don’t need to vote to change our name – we can remain SCISSA, trading as CASSA
* Transition to new CASSA domain
	+ Peter will handle this as he has his own registry. A payment of $15 to Peter was authorised for this purpose; should be done by tomorrow (29 January)
* Docs / signage transition
	+ Jana suggested a contest to ensure our transition is thorough – “if you can spot SCISSA on any of our official docs or whatever by the end of semester, you get a piece of candy!”
	+ As of this meeting we will refer to ourselves as CASSA
* IRC details
	+ Peter suggested setting +m and the topic of #scissa to tell people to join #cassa. Kicking and forced inviting doesn’t work as we use UnrealIRCd which doesn’t support it
	
Orientation / O-Day
-------------------
* We need to speak to Yan Mak and let her know that CASSA wants to speak during orientation at both campuses
	+ Peter will find us the exact dates for this.
* If we want to make a good impression with the staff, we’re going to need a fair few volunteers for this. 
	+ Numbers were ballparked as 8+ for ML, 3 or so or JO. 
	+ Volunteers need their laptops and Excel – their responsibilities will be to take money and to give change. 
	+ We also need to make sure that new signups get an email inside a week.
* With regards to actually speaking – we don’t have to, but we can have a powerpoint displayed if we want
	+ We should emphasise the pros of joining the group, and talk up our industry connections and prominent alumni
* Steph and Stuart have volunteered for JO orientation, pending transport organisation

Webcams in the office
---------------------
* Stuart will handle this, in consultation with Glen
* Glen has mentioned that we’ll need a new computer to handle this, and that IT support won’t be able to help with this

Office Days
-----------
* Office days for Smester 1 are as follows:
	+ Monday: Jana
	+ Tuesday: Stuary
	+ Wednesday: Jetha
	+ Thursday: closed
	+ Friday: Steph (afternoon)
	
Keys
----
* The following people need to return their keys to facilities and send an email to the exec list afterwards:
	+ Lynette Thompson
	+ Gwyn Hannay
	+ Greg Baatard
	
Arcade Machine
--------------
* Jana expressed a desire to have this project tied up before mid-semester
	+ Dave, Greg and Peter have taken charge of the project, and have estimated that they’ll need a single day to take care of it
	+ After some deliberation, February 27 (Saturday) was decided upon 
		- Glen Mitton will be asked to deliver the painted cabinet to Dave’s mother’s house, where work will commence
* On a technical note, the machine is painted with acrylics so varnish and such is a bad idea – clear plastic sheeting may be the best bet, according to Jana.
	+ Other technical details, such as console games interacting with the coin mechanisms, will be left till the setup day
* Potential locations to deploy the arcade machine are still under discussion
	+ The postgraduate common room has been suggested
	
Purchases for 2010
------------------
* A FAL run to stock up the office needs to occur
	+ Icecreams and such should also be purchased, pending the acquisition of a new fridge / freezer
		- Swapping our fridge for the PGA’s fridge / freezer has been suggested, but it would be necessary to wait for the PGA to re-form in early February before we’d know whether we could
		- Buying a fridge / freezer second-hand has also been suggested
* A safe for the office has been suggested 
	+ something better than a cashbox to store the office’s float
* New signage needs to be produced in keeping with our transition to the CASSA identity
	+ As advertising officer, Jetha will handle designs and look into pricing
	+ Potential suppliers are Officeworks and Expo Print 
		- should we decide to go with Officeworks, Nick has offered to liaise with them on our behalf
* Membership stickers for 2010 need to be produced 
	+ fairly straightforward, the Publisher file and sticker sheets are still present
* Merchandise has been suggested for production and sale, branded bottleopeners in particular
	+ According to Peter, they can be printed for $1.50 apiece and sold for $3 or so
		- quality remains a concern though, as Nick pointed out
	+ Any place that does corporate logo goods should be able to help us here
	+ On a whimsical note – it was suggested that we should see whether we can get bottle openers that are also USB keys!
	
Record-keeping
--------------
* Jana pointed out that a paper trail would be to our advantage should our club’s activities fall under scrutiny
	+ to that end, Executive Committee members have been provided files for the storage of minutes, meeting notes and such
	
Meeting closed at 8:06pm
------------------------