CASSA Annual General Meeting 2011/03/04
=======================================

Election of New Committee
-------------------------
* President - Stuart Pearson (1 abstain)
* Vice President - Randal Adamson (22-1-0)
* Secretary - Jovin Sveinbjornsson (1 abstain)
* Treasurer - Steph Stidolph (1 abstain)
* President’s Advisor - Jana Buvari (2 abstain)
* Technical Administrator - Will Clark (2 abstain)
* Social Coordinator  - Jason Baseley (1 abstain)
* Staff Representative - Greg Baatard

Selection of School and Year Representatives
--------------------------------------------
* 1st Year Representatives
	+ Primary
		- Matt Puccinelli
		- Josh Norris
* 2nd Year Representatives
	+ Primary 
		- Rob McKnight
		- Alex Babic
	+ Reserve 
		- Simon Vin
* 3rd Year Representatives
	+ Primary 
		- Jetha Chan
		- Lindsay Bunney 
	+ Reserve 
		- Jovin Sveignbjornsson
* Post-Grad / Honours Representatives
	+ Primary
		- Gwyn Hannay
		- Yunous
	+ Reserve
		- Woratat

Student Mentoring 
-----------------
<table>
		<tr><th>Full Name</th><th>Student Email Address</th></tr>
		<tr><td>Lindsay Bunney</td><td>lbunney0@our.ecu.edu.au</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Rob McKnight</td><td>rmcknig0@our.ecu.edu.au</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Randal Adamson</td><td>rsadamso@our.ecu.edu.au</td></tr>
</table>

Clubroom Staffing
-----------------
<table>
		<tr><th>Day</th><th>Morning</th><th>Afternoon</th></tr>
		<tr><td>Monday</td><td>Lynette Thompson</td><td>Jovin Sveinbjornsson</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Tuesday</td><td>Will Clark</td><td>Will Clark</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Wednesday</td><td>Jason</td><td>Josh</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Thursday</td><td>Isaac Clarke</td><td>Rob McKnight</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Friday</td><td>Alex Babic</td><td>Alex Babic</td></tr>
</table>

Clubroom Acquisitions / Ideas
-----------------------------
* Acquisitions
	+ TV - 32" or so - Will Clark shopping around
	+ Rug

MegaLAN
-------
* We hold a LAN party each semester.  Organising it in advance is very important.  At this stage, we should flesh out the core details:
* When will it be held?
	+ 23-24 April 2011
* What room will it be held in?
	+ 14.114x
* Who can help with what?
	+ Advertising
		- Matt
* Provisioning:
	+ Equipment (RF LAN normally?)
	+ Food/Drinks

Other Events
------------
* Sausage Sizzle info: http://cassa.org.au/wiki/index.php?title=Sausage_Sizzles
* ML Sausage Sizzle
	+ When? Wednesday Lunch Week 4
		- Book the BBQ
		- Mention the SS to the lecturer of the 1st year lecture that morning
	+ Who? 
		- Lindsay, Steph, Greg, Jason, ?Jovin?, Stuart, Graeme, Russell
* JO Sausage Sizzle
	+ Where? (need to email roomsjo@ecu.edu.au to book space for it)
		- Will has a bbq
		- Near the Library?Near Building 8?
		- Tables sourcing
	+ When?
		- Monday Lunch Week 4
	+ Who
		- Stuart, Jovin, Matt, Luke, Tim
* Movie Night
	+ Would members be interested in attending a movie night?
		- Generally Yes
	
Other Miscellaneous
-------------------
* Reimbursing Jetha Chan RE: The CASSA Server
	+ YES REIMBURSE - AUD$520.00
* Association with the ECU Guild
	+ No affiliation or association with the guild as voted (1 abstain)

Other Business
--------------
* Speak to the FMO regarding the door of the room 
* Poster advertising cheap drinks and/or snacks
	+ Outside the room
	+ Outside the Mac Labs
* Arcade Machine
	+ Speakers
		- Jovin's 6.5" Splits are Possibility
		- Phil's Sub Possibly
* Career Oriented Events
	+ APESMA
	+ Microsoft Stuff - Jovin / Jetha
	+ Big Breakfast or Something?
		- Large companies pay to fund / advertise their name
		- ACS may help out too - Stuart can rep us for ACS

Action List
-----------
* Jovin Sveinbjornsson
	+ Contact the FMO regarding having the artwork for the clubroom door
	+ Contact Security Operations again regarding SCSS Student Access to building 3
* Greg Baatard
	+ Book the BBQ area at ML
		- 23rd March
	+ Book the MegaLAN Room (14.114x??) for 23/24 April
	+ Book an area or the Sausage Sizzle in JO
		- Near Building 8 or Library
		- 21st March
* Matt
	+ Create the poster for the CASSA MegaLAN
* Will Clark
	+ Scout out options for the 32” TV – prices / specs for them
		- We want the best we can for the best price too
* Other Duties to be done – not assigned
	+ Sourcing tables for JO Sausage Sizzle
+ Update the Wiki / Website to reflect new information
+ Sourcing a rug for the clubroom
