CASSA Annual General Meeting 2012/03/02
=======================================

Propose to hold AGM at the end of Semester 2 – 2012
---------------------------------------------------
* To be announced, this will be a decision by the new CASSA executive members.

Election of New Committee
-------------------------
* President
	+ President Nominees
		- Randal Adamson – Withdrawn.
		- Stewart Pearson – Withdrawn.
		- Rob McKnight
	+ Rob McKnight is the new President.  
* Vice President
	+ Vice President Nominees
		- Simon Vin
		- Jason Baseley
		- Joshua Norris
	+ Simon Vin is the new Vice President.
* Secretary 
	+ Secretary Nominees
		- Brandan Bastian
		- Luke Spartalis
	+ Luke Spartalis is the new Secretary.
* Treasurer		
	+ Treasurer Nominees
		- Joshua Norris 
		- Jason Baseley 
	+ Joshua Norris is the new Treasurer. 

FAL Runs
--------
* Rob McKnight wants to reform FAL runs as there has been many problems in the past, some of these problems were:
	+ Who will do the run
	+ Issues with money – Do I pay for it and get reimbursed? Do I use CASSA’s money.
	+ Often we would run out for Candy and Drinks.
	+ Rob also expressed concerns with the reimbursement system and will cease.
* A new inventory will be put into place the key holders will check at the end of each day how much stuff has been sold and how much is left. This new system will be more like a store front.
* FAL run will be on a regular basis – If CASSA has too much stock it will be cancelled
* If CASSA is running low – emergency runs can happen.
* There will be a FAL roster and each run will have the same budget.
* CASSA can use Randal Adamson’s FAL card until CASSA has applied and approved its own.

CSU, Other clubs and Guild
--------------------------
* CASSA hoped that ECU would distribute the student amenity fees between all student organisations instead it gave 50% to the Guild. CASSA will need to liaise with the Guild to receive any funding.
* Randal Adamson suggested we talk to Glenda Jackson through Ken to apply for funding and should be finalized within 3 weeks.
* Guild will allocate amounts of $500 to $2500 to student associations.
* If CASSA is unable to get funding from the Guild, CASSA will need to go further and work with other groups to receive it.  
* CASSA Co-operation with other associations
	+ CASSA has worked well with the UCC and should continue that, CASSA should also be looking at organising more joint social events.
	+ CASSA has been approached by MASN to work together with them, MASN has asked about workshops with CASSA members to help people use and understand computers. 
	+ MASN could help CASSA in lobbying about opening up the Internet for SCSS students.

Executive Member Committee
--------------------------
* President’s Advisor
	+ Randal Adamson
	+ Steward Pearson
	+ Steward Pearson is the new President’s Advisor.
* Webmaster
	- Jason Baseley
	- Jason Baseley is the new Webmaster.
* Technical Administrator
	+ Michael Alderman
	+ Michael Alderman is the new Technical Administrator.
* Social Coordinator
	+ Alexandra Helens
	+ Alex Babic
	+ Alexandra Helens is the new Social Coordinator. 
* Staff Representative
	+ Greg Baatard
	+ Greg Baatard is the new Staff Representative.

Year Representatives
--------------------
* Year 1 Representatives
	+ Sam Barnett
	+ Leigh Fibpatrich
	+ Daniel Walker
	+ Lewis Meier
	+ Sam Barnett and Lewis Meier are the new Year 1 Representatives.

* Year 2 Representatives
	+ Joshua Norris
	+ Fred Osero
	+ Joshua Norris and Fred Osero are the new Year 2 Representatives.

* Year 3 Representatives
	+ Alex Babic 
	+ Lindsay Bunney
	+ Brandan Bastian
	+ Alex Babic and Lindsay Bunney are the new Year 3 Representatives.
* Postgraduate Representatives
	+ Randal Adamson
	+ Brett Turner 
	+ Randal Adamson and Brett Turner are the new Postgraduate Representatives.
* Rob McKnight suggests a new position of External Representative  
	+ Randal Adamson motions, Rob McKnight seconds – motion passes by vote.

General Committee
-----------------
* Internet Sub-Committee
	+ The Sub-Committee is currently working with the CIO at ECU and the head of SCSS School to open up the Internet.
	+ CASSA is aiming to change ECU’s policy and a major overhaul of the ports that ECU has blocked ECU Policy:
		- Content filter – blocks many legitimate websites – example ethical hacking websites.
		- Firewall – blocks almost all ports except port 80 – want to open up ports so students are able to SSH out.
	+ Andrew Kitis voted in to be the head of the committee.

Social Events
-------------
* Alexandra Helens wants to promote more events at the ECU campuses
* Week 3 – The bi-semester will run, planned for midweek.
* Movie Night for the Avengers watch all movies leading up to the Avengers – Brett Turner offer CASSA the Blu-rays to borrow. Date: TBA.
* CASSA MegaLan original date falls on Easter so new date TBA soon.

Other Business
--------------
* CASSA to sell broken Dreamcast for $20 – Passed with vote.

CASSA Annual General Meeting on March 2nd 2012 officially closed at 7:10pm
--------------------------------------------------------------------------