CASSA General Meeting 2014/05/04
================================
Meeting Start: 3:35PM
---------------------

Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student Representative 
	+ James Taylor - External Student Representative
* General Attendees
	+ 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor
* Student Representative 
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative		

Action List
-----------
* Alexandra
	+ Reported Aircon leaking fluid in Clubroom
* Alexandra + Ashley
	+ Meeting with Head of School ASAP
* Greg
	+ Lock-Picking Information
* Brandon
	+ GIGALAN dates
	+ EoS Party dates
	+ Schedule MEGALAN 2014 Semester2 date for after exams semester 2
* Damon
	+ Dropbox Folder Organisation and Data Backup.
* Web + Tech	
	+ Announcement app or system for MegaLAN events (Perhaps a PA). Needs further discussion.
	+ A method for exec schedule syncing (Google Calendar or something) Needs to be discussed further.
	+ Add CASSA IP Cameras to website.
* Unassigned
	+ Status of our CASSA Kettle
	
Events
------
* “Big Day In” Event on 8th May, Townhall Perth
	+ We have that computer ethical-hacking demo.
	+ Will have a game demo preferably an ECU game but if not, then Bishi Bashi
* ECU Open Day	
	+ We are attending with a stall.
	+ Ethical-Hacking Demo
* Wachkon Event – This Weekend	
	+ We need people to help out – especially around lunchtime rush.
* Post-MegaLAN 2014 Semester 1 Report/Discussion	
	+ We need to better schedule tournaments and announce the deadline times at the Megalan
	+ Action: Announcement app or system for megalan
	+ Require dedicated people for setup and pack-up.
	+ Action: Status of our CASSA Kettle
	+ Suggestion: Ice Coffee for MegaLAN, coffee to sell perhaps
* Console Party (Clash of the Consoles)
	+ Date:
	+ Displays: We should have enough displays for consoles.
	+ People who bring in a console do not pay for entry.
	+ Entry fee is 5AUD.
* GIGA-LAN/Tetra-LAN (4 club lan at ECU)	
	+ Action: Need GIGALAN dates
	+ Roughly July
* MegaLAN 2014 Semester 2
	+ Action: Schedule date for after exams semester 2
	+ Scheduling: Moved until after exams of Semester 2
	+ Tournaments: TF2, Project M, Bishi Bashi, PowerStone2, LoL
* EoS Party
	+ Action: Work out date for EoS
	+ Brandon can’t run it so Alex will
	+ Order Platters

Tech/Web Update
---------------	
* IP Cameras are in operation but have not yet been added to the CASSA website.
* Action: Add CASSA IP Cameras to website.	
	
Key Holders
-----------	
* Current Keyholders:
	+ Executive Committee
	+ Lauren Anne Thomas
	+ David Maxwell
	+ Alex Green
	+ Pete Anderson
	+ Jeremy Ruggiero
* Leave current Keyholder Roster and setup a more formal format in Semester 2
	
State of the Room
-----------------	
* Action: Aircon leaked fluid (Alex)

Miscellaneous
-------------
* Consider obtaining an Xbox360 hard drive because the internal HDD is very small in capacity.
* Action: Lock-Picking Information (Greg)
* Action: Meeting with Head of School ASAP
* Action: Application for exec schedule syncing (Alex)
* Advertise 2nd hand books at CASSA
	+ Poster would be helpful

Meeting officially finished at 4:40pm.
--------------------------------------







	
	
	
	