CASSA General Meeting 2014/08/22
================================
Meeting Start: 4:40pm
---------------------

Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
* Student Representative 
	+ William Termini - First Year Representative
* General Attendees
	+ 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor		
* Student Representative 
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick â€“ Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative
	+ James Taylor - External Student Representative

Action List
-----------
* Alexandra
	+ Send Ashley details for HoS to Ashley.
* Ashley & Matthew
	+ Get Bin Bags on next food run.
* Ashley
	+ Schedule meeting date with Head of School.
* Brandon
	+ Confirm Console LAN booking
	+ Setup facebook events for our club events
	+ Book Sausage Sizzle next week. The day will be a Tuesday OR Wednesday
* William
	+ Website stuff
* Damon
	+ Change Dropbox Meeting folder + add meetings
* Exec
	+ CASSA Wiki
	+ Changes made to the Constitution to reflect the approval for Election date change from beginning of year to end of the year.
	+ Large food/drink run to stock up current shortage.
	+ Drink run for Sausage sizzle

Vote to move Election before Second semester EoS
------------------------------------------------
* The reasoning behind moving the election to at the end of the second semester rather than having it in the first few weeks of the first semester, is that all new executive members know that they have the role prior to the start of the teaching semester allowing them to better prepare themselves for the semester ahead and be able to learn from existing executive members.
* Vote for: 9
* Against: 0
* Abstain: 0
* Result: Majority vote for Executive Committee Election to be moved to before the second semester EoS Party.

Internal Events
---------------
* Meeting with HoS on Monday 13th October
	+ What is happening with course units moving
	+ Are we moving to Joondalup or not?
	+ Are we keeping ML clubroom and such?
	+ Give feedback about classes if we have any	
* 3rd October Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM).
* CASSA Wiki-Night tonight after meeting.
* SCSS moving to Joondalup
	+ We need to find out what is happening with our current room and whether we are getting a new one at Joondalup
	+ Idea: Have 2 events reps, 1 for each campus.

Club Events
-----------
* Console-Lan review
	+ It went well, could be a type of event we do again in the future.
* Sausage-Sizzle
	+ Brandon will be booking the event next week for the following week on either a Tuesday or Wednesday.
* EoS Party
	+ 21st November
* MegaLAN 2014 Semester 2
	+ 28th - 30th November

Tech/Web Update
---------------
* IRC Bouncers are coming SOON!

Meeting officially finished at 5:28pm
-------------------------------------






