CASSA General Meeting 2014/05/16
================================
Meeting Start: 3:35PM
---------------------

Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
* Student Representative 
	+ James Taylor - External Student Representative
* General Attendees
	+ 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor
* Student Representative 
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative
	
Action List
-----------
* All exec members 
	+ Meeting with Head of School 2pm Monday 17th. Meet at clubroom beforehand.
* Alexandra 
	+ Find out GIGALAN date from Pommers 
* Greg 
	+ Lock-Picking information 
* Brandon 
	+ EoS Party dates and event ideas
	+ Schedule MEGALAN 2014 Semester2 date for after exams semester 2
* Damon 
	+ Dropbox Folder Organisation and Data Backup.
* Web + Tech
	+ Add CASSA IP Cameras to website.

Events
------
* EoS Party
	+ Not sure if we will get enough people due to Guild EoS party on the same time.
	+ Idea: A more social event where we get to actually chat. Spend the money on a dinner quest thing instead of a party which the guild will have anyway.
	+ Action: come up with ideas for some kind of EoS event.
* GIGALAN – date isn’t set yet. Waiting on Pommers. Alex and Brandon may not be able to setup/attend (Alex)

Tech/Web Update
---------------
* Action: Find out if Zeroz is still willing to give away those servers and server rack. Check if he still has them. (Damon/Brandon)

State of the Room
-----------------
* Aircon has been dealt with.

Miscellaneous
-------------
* Jack Turner is interested in running the learn2linux classes next semester.
* Python classes are looking to occur next semester.

HoS meeting
-----------
* Will’s Internet stuff
* ECU’s internet accessibility
* Python Class + Lrn2Linux
* Our status with the school
* Student comments about Uni and the course
* Pathway into ECU IT support perhaps?

Meeting officially finished at 4:30pm.
--------------------------------------












