CASSA General Meeting 2014/05/30
================================
Meeting Start: 3:35pm
---------------------

Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
* Student Representative 
	+ James Taylor - External Student Representative
* General Attendees
	+ 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor		
* Student Representative 
	+ William Termini - First Year Representative
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative
	
Action List
-----------
* Alexandra 
	+ Find out about Lrn2Linux Course Slides
* Greg
	+ Lock-Picking Information
* Brandon 
	+ EoS Party date (20th June) needs to be accepted
	+ Schedule MEGALAN 2014 Semester2 date for after exams semester 2
* Damon
	+ Dropbox Folder Organisation and Data Backup.
	+ GigaLAN poster
* Web + Tech
	+ Add CASSA IP Cameras to website.
	
Meeting with HoS Summary
------------------------
* It went very well :D

Events
------
* EoS Party – 20th
* GIGALAN – Date in one of the first 2 weeks of July. Daniel will be lead on this with Damon as secondary.
	+ Action: Damon will make a GigaLAN poster
	+ Action: Find out which of the days are preferred
* Console-LAN Date needs to be booked (Normal Booking)
	+ We would like to stream some of the games
* Artemus (Startrek) lan fleet idea

Tech/Web Update
---------------
* We have the servers now

State of the Room
-----------------
* Aircon has been dealt with.

Miscellaneous
-------------
* Jack Turner is interested in running the learn2linux classes next semester. Action: See if we can get
slides for him because he doesn’t want to create the course himself.
* Python classes are looking to occur next semester.

Meeting officially finished at 4:30pm.
--------------------------------------