CASSA General Meeting 2014/04/04
================================
Meeting Start: 3:50PM
---------------------

Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor
* Student Representative 
	+ William Termini - First Year Representative
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative
	+ James Taylor - External Student Representative
* General Attendees
	+ 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor
* Student Representative 
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative	
	
Action List
-----------
* Alexandra and Ashley
	+ Inventory of CASSA office
* Greg
	+ Check Network Ports for MegaLAN
* Brandon
	+ Contact Retro and see if we can purchase some prizes AFTER checking inventory of the Cassa Exec Office.
	+ Contact other businesses for potential sponsors
	+ Recruit helpers for MegaLAN setup
* Damon 
	+ Finalize Key holder Roster
	+ Find out how many people are interested in other Tournaments.
* Unassigned 
	+ Talk to Sam about Lrn2Linux Workshop
	+ Eskies Emptied and utensils cleaned up in clubroom

Events
------
* Post-sausage sizzle report: we have made a good profit.
* Big Day In 8th May – get more involved and have more content for the event that shows off ECU’s work/skills. Small Display and some shifts.
	+ Security workshop is being looked into.
	+ Looking to Amos for ECU Student game demos.
* MegaLan
	+ ACTION: Check network ports - Greg
	+ Most likely borrowing Alex’s TV for megalan for Project M
	+ ACTION: Contact Retro and see if we can purchase some prizes.
	+ ACTION: Inventory of CASSA Office to sort out Prizes. - Unassigned
	+ Power for event have been sorted
	+ ACTION: Need volunteers to setup the MegaLAN event. - Brandon
	+ Minecraft Tournament (Build or PvP)? – Alex will run it
	+ League of Legends Tournament?
	+ ACTION: see if there’s interest in other Tournaments - Damon

Key Holders
-----------
* Clubroom Key to be changed
* ACTION: Keyholder roster MUST be finalized.

State of the Room
-----------------
* ACTION: The Eskies need to be emptied and leftover utensils cleaned up.

Meeting officially finished at 4:50pm.
--------------------------------------







