CASSA Executive Meeting 24/01/2017
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * Gareth Clarson - President
    * Dan Buzzard - Vice President
    * Elliot - Secretary

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
    * Taylor Spinks - Treasurer

Organising ODay
---------------
* ODay will be the 20th of February
	* We should have a tent on ODay for CASSA
	* We will come up for some interesting activities for the tent (Locksports, Hacking Demo, Advertising Events, Signup members)
	* Considering the idea of creating a flyer
* Gareth will be in Japan (29th of January / 12th of February), and will organise he presentation for the SOS induction for the 20th of February for ODay
	* Presentation 

Academic Subcommittee
-----------------------
* It has been proposed we create an academic subcommittee to manage academic events
* Might be required if we are hosting more academic events than we currently do
* We would need 4 or 5 students who are interested in becoming part of the committee to create it
* A vote would then be called from those members and the exec to nominate a committee chair
* This will be discussed further at the next meeting

First General Meeting
---------------------
* Date TBA, will probably be in the 2nd or 3rd week of the semester
* Main point of discussion will be the election of the subcommittees and chairs 
* Will also just be a general induction meeting and discussion of CASSA activities
* More information will be released with the release of the meeting date

Constitution Changes
----------------------
* We will take off from where we left off before with the changes
* We need to clean up the last revised meeting and fix all grammatical errors
* Then we will arrange a meeting time and date for the passing of the new changes

Status of tech
--------------
* Tech team will perform a clean-up of the server and DNS
* User database status report will be created
* Will overhaul current member list and member records for a refresh (this will be an ongoing process as we move to a new system)
* Memberships will require renewals once the system is implemented
* We will push people to signup using the new system at future events and promotions

Communications media
--------------------
* Will enforce direct communication for all major activities so it is officially on records
* Facebook, the website, and Email will be used actively for ALL events and CASSA promotion
* Template checklist for all CASSA promotional material will be created
	* Will contain items such as event date, website links, time, cost, etc...
* This will be part of an effort to improve CASSA active branding
* Any major communication for CASSA or to the executive should be sent through official email channels and sent directly addressed when required

Upcoming Events
---------------
* ODay events discussed earlier for the 20th of February (see above minutes)
* Lrn2Linux and Locksports events should be running this semester, dates TBA
* All other social team events TBA (Mini and MegaLAN, new student social?)
* Any other events should be brought directly to the attention of the exec through official communications form

Future meeting
--------------
* TBA via Facebook and Email
