CASSA Executive Meeting 02/03/2017
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * Gareth Clarson - President
    * Dan Buzzard - Vice President
    * Elliot - Secretary
    * David Maxwell - Presidential Advisor
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
	* Taylor Spinks

	
Member Incidents
-------------------
* An indivdual has been involved in several incidents
* Unplugging CASSA infrastructure
    * Unplugged the CASSA access point and router from the helpdesk
    * Has done this with full knowledge only technology committee members can access CASSA systems
    * Helpdesk was locked to prevent further tampering of CASSA equipment

* Breaking into helpdesk
   * Social-engineered a security officer
   * Dismantled ECU Security system in-order to access the helpdesk
   * Tampering with 240 volt electrical system. Serious OH&S violation
   * Incident has been reported to ECU Security for further investigation
   * Security Guard was fired due to the indivuals actions

   
Member Incidents Resolution
---------------
* Motion has been put forward for a suspension from all CASSA social events permanently, and a 1 semesters suspension from academic events
	* Votes
		* Yes 5
		* No 0
* Motion has also been put forward for to accept his resignation but he will be permanently be banned from re-joining CASSA as either a member, committee member or alumni
	* Votes
		* Yes 5
		* No 0

		
Key card Offer
------------------
* Security has offered to standardize our key to the helpdesk to an RFID card access
* They would be able to approve it and get it installed for us
* We would have to spend around $1000 on upgrading the security system
* We are currently working on locking down our CASSA systems at the helpdesk
* It has been suggested by Gareth that if we were to spend the money on securing the area, we should lock down the storage room
* David has stated that Andrew is still waiting for the servers
* Security would be our contact for who would have access for the helpdesk
* Would make it much easier to distribute and manage the security of the desk, this would mitigate future incidents
* Will be discussed further at another meeting


PWC Rep
--------
* PWC Rep would like to create a relationship with CASSA
* Would like CASSA to present a prospectus of CASSA
* Executive believes this would be a good relation to pursue 


Club Training Day
------------------
* Applied for guild affiliation
* Social event for the guild happening with a club training session


Redbull Sponsorship Possibilities
------------------------------
* Been approached by Redbull
* Could potentially obtain a fridge that will be stocked by Redbull possibly for free
* More information coming soon

Locksport’s
-----------
* Running, date confirmed... booking done and posters up
* Elliot is running locksport’s this semester


Lrn2Linux
------------
* We are in the processing on forming an official date and then room booking
* We will also possibly be making some major changes to our existing slides
* We should definitively strive to run this event as we have had a big interest from students who wish to attend


Future meetings
--------------
* Committee Meeting 9th March 2017
