CASSA General Meeting 2015/04/24
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
    + Contact Karen for details on Coderdojo help request
	+ Withdraw $400 with David and Mat for Greg and Office floats
	+ Collaborate with Evan for Joondalup Stall form
	+ Let Jackie know about game tournament for Joondalup open day
	+ Send out mass email – Barbeque volunteers
	+ Send mass email, for tutors and tutorials
* David
	+ Remove Mat’s Tuesday shift
	+ Remove Joshua from keyholder roster
	+ Emphasise keyholder vigilance in drink and food purchases
	+ Withdraw $400 with Ash and Mat for Greg and Office floats
	+ Paste resume tip document to website
* Alex 
	+ Input tasks into redmine
* Matt
	+ Draft letter for Kmart community; student organisation status
	+ Withdraw $400 with Ash and David for Greg and Office floats
* Will
	+ Email Ashley guild money
* Rylan	
	+ Book MegaLANrooms for 26th-29th June
	+ Book extra tables for MegaLAN
	+ Book power for the MegaLAN, for the 26th-29th June
* Evan 
	+ Collaborate with Ash for Joondalup stall form
	
Head of School meeting summary 
------------------------------	
* Quality over quantity – student feedback
* Units out of date, Andrew is on top
* report out of date units to ash, he’ll tell Andrew
* Letterhead to Kmart for cheap stuff. 
* Coderdojo problem, no automatic responses from CD for applicants (outside of recruiting period), have been asked to create automatic response.
* Andrew wants projects to happen, can book rooms for them.
* Wifi issues were discussed, Andrew cannot directly help with this matter.
* Unblocking ports have been a problem. We can create a petition for this matter.
	
Vice Chancellor meeting summary
-------------------------------	
* Letter presented
* Meeting w HOS and peeps from information Technology Services soon

Executive Wiki update
---------------------
* Will need to redo executive wiki, update with pieces from current members and overdue pieces from previous members
* Log onto redmine to upload role explanations
	
Income flow
-----------
* Gamer jam refund has been recieved
* We now have two separate floats, one in the office and one with Greg
* Need paypal reader & ecu account, so can authenticate phone to ECU network( Form on staff portal to request guest accounts)
* may convert to Pepsi or cheaper cans from Kmart
* May use guild capital for food runs
	
Joondalup relocation
--------------------	
* Possible new clubroom on Joondalup 18.120 (FIND LATER
* Will worry about when move is closer
	
Events
------	
* Big Day In
	+ 3 volunteers aready, more volunteers are encouraged 
	+ Possible tasks include microphone running for Q&A, handing out merchandise
* Joondalup open day
	+ running stall (table and selling cans), need to fill in form
	+ Laptop has been given to Cassa to have as a prize for first year competition
	+ Need to decide game
* Mount Lawley movie night
	+ Waiting for Andrew, CSO cant book games lab
* Events MEGALAN status update	
	+ need to book day and location
	+ Book megalan rooms and dance room – Dance room for food
	+ 26th june 29 june extra tables

Programming projects
--------------------
* put project ideas forward to Ash, Rylan will book rooms for ~5 hours
* Evolution game
* layer website
* Promotion 
* online projects w/ meeting days instead of physically coming in and slow production

Study grouping	
* Like Projects
* Tutoring portal

Hackerrank	
* Have promoted hackerrank from email and facebook
* Employers look at this site	
* Programming challenges	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	