CASSA General Meeting 2015/08/07
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
	+ Tuesday: cooperate with Will and Evan to discuss MegaLAN location. Book rooms next Monday.
	+ Compare Mat’s Schedule with meeting schedule to see if meeting times need to be changed
	+ Ask Owen to collaborate w/ Damon for MegaLAN 2015.2 poster
* David
	+ Compose/send mass email seeking clubroom keyholders
	+ Collaborate with Owen and Damon for MegaLAN 2015.2 posters
* Alex 
	+ Upload backlog of agendas and minutes to the CASSA website and OwnCloud
	+ Upload links of the meeting minutes to Facebook from now onwards.
	+ From now onwards delegate tasks by the Monday following the Friday meeting, and clean up the minutes by the following Wednesday.
* Will
	+ Correspond w/ Alex
* Evan 
	+ Find Joondalup room details and cable details
	+ Send/compose mass email for workshop volunteers
	+ Book assistance workshop for an earlier time and different room.

Future Meeting Times
--------------------
* Meeting collides with CYSCA training and some meeting attendee’s work schedules.
* CASSA needs a different meeting time that is suitable for a majority of attendees.
* We may still have teleconferencing at Mount Lawley campus.
* The consensus is that Tuesdays are possible, but conflicts with the Assistance class, but can schedule meetings or the assistance class on the other week of the fortnight. Need to either move the meetings or assistance classes to fit this schedule.
* Can also move assistance classes two hours earlier, having the meetings afterwards. Meetings at 6 on Tuesday.
* Another option is completely online meetings; easier to attend but may be made complicated with technical limitations.
* Preferably most members attend general meetings physically, especially for major agendas, but will accommodate those who cannot physically attend with teleconferencing.
* If schedules are more disadvantaged with Tuesday meetings, CASSA will continue with meetings held fortnightly on Fridays with members unable to attend physically attending online.

MegaLAN 2015.2
--------------
* MegaLAn 2015.2 will be held at JO campus because the AGM and EoS is also being held at JO campus
* Also holding the MegaLAN at JO campus to hopefully attract more attendees
* If JO venue is suitable, and if power supplier is able to rent out longer cable (or extra one), the rooms will be booked.
* CASSA will request Guild for reimbursement for the power
* Cassa is considering offering discount for those that buy MegaLAN tickets in advance.
* Poster will be completed by mid-semester break.
* Need to book a room for attendees to sleep in during event
* CoderDojo Discounts
	+ Considering rewarding CoderDojo participants w/ discounted entry
	+ Karen will email list of ECU participants to David to make sure they are active participants and get discounted tickets.
	+ David will gauge interest in MegaLAN at CoderDojo

Makerspace
----------
* Makerspace is gaining attendees and has received a positive reception, particularly on Monday
* Projects currently being completed include; arcade machine construction, 3D printing, building a 3D printer, and other assorted technology oriented projects
* Will has uploaded a video showing a Charizard being 3D printed in Makerspace on CASSA’s YouTube channel.
* Posters promoting Makerspace have been distributed.

MegaLAN 2015.1 Summary
----------------------
* Tickets
	+ We had 36 paying attendants at MegaLAN 2015.1, generating $355 in attendance revenue.
	+ Alex feels that having the ticket book as a means to record attendance was effective, as this means multiple people could accept payment for and give tickets while one person could consolidate the attendance record at a later, suitable time.
	+ Ticket/recording process will be written and put on Exec Wiki and Owncloud
	+ We had 5 people prepay for their MegaLAN tickets.
	+ Paypal takes a percent of the money received from ticket purchases
	+ For future MegaLANs
		- Discounts on tickets will be limited to $1-$2
		- Discounts for advanced prepaid MegaLAN tickets will activate in the mid semester
* Tournaments
	+ The first two tournaments of the night ran well, with plenty of interest and participants.
	+ The third tournament had a delayed start because of the food run. As a result of this energy and interest for the tournament was slightly lacking. Mat ran the tournament anyway, and it was well received by the participants.
	+ The fourth and final tournament of the night was cancelled due to a lack of interest, participants and possible hosts who were not tired at the time.
	+ For future MegaLANs 
		- Should avoid planning earlier tournaments, as most participants arrive later than the event start time
		- Preferably start with a minor tournament at midday
		- Perhaps focus on having one major tournament and several smaller ones
		- A Minecraft Hunger Games tournament has been suggested
		- Host game servers on Digital Ocean
		- Perhaps use UCCs servers for hosting
* Food Run
	+ Despite changes made to the ordering and payment process, the whole food run was still quite inefficient and long.
	+ David walking around taking orders helped the process
	+ Orders and payment for the food run started at 5PM, and orders were finalised at 6:30 – 7:00. This was a slow process and pizza was delivered before 8PM, which conflicted with pre-planned tournaments.
	+ For Future MegaLANS
		- Institute a specified ordering time for pizzas, 1-2 PM has been suggested.
		- Finalise and send the order at five, to receive pizza at six.
* Posters
	+ Posters came out too late for attention. Earlier poster distribution will garner more attention and attendees.

Cyber Security Challenge Australia (CYSCA)
------------------------------------------
* CYSCA has quite a lot of eager participants
* CYSCA training conflicts with meeting times
* CYSCA attendees are typically involved in CASSA, and want to support them. Meeting attendees concluded that one of the best forms of support for CYSCA participants would be free pizza.
* CASSA will ask the Guild for reimbursement for pizza purchases for CYSCA
* Evan will handle purchasing the pizzas, and provide a receipt for the refund
* The CYSCA event is Wednesday in the mid semester break, this is when the pizzas will be provided
* David will deliver the pizza to the event, Ash will meet and greet participants
* Will also bring CASSA banner to the event with the pizza to put in the background. Photos will be taken at the event

Keyholders
----------
* Currently need keyholders for Wednesday and Friday shifts
* Ask attendees of Makerspace of interest in keyholder shifts

Miscellaneous
-------------
* Assistance Class: Assignments are due for first years, Tyson requests more volunteers as the next class (wk 6) may have greater attendance.
