CASSA General Meeting 2015/05/22
================================

Action Plan:
------------
* Ashley
	+ Work with CoderDojo for volunteer recruitment
	+ Continue working on the EoS
	+ Work with Greg on booking the EoS
* Matt
	+ Collaborate with Will for creating and maintaining PayPal account
* Will
	+ Collaborate with Mat for creating and maintaining PayPal account
* Evan 
	+ Work with CoderDojo for volunteer recruitment
	+ Make delicious cider

MegaLAN 2015.1 Status
---------------------
* MegaLAN has been postponed to the 4th and 5th of July due to late booking.
* MegaLAN room bookings have been confirmed
* Three phase power supply booking has been confirmed.
* Currently undertaking promotion.
* Event will clash with competing LANs, and some CASSA members are attending those competing LANs. We will have some otherwise regular attendees not coming to MegaLAN.
* Xanthe, running LANaddicts, has offered to take our members in for their event.
* CASSA will research guild reimbursement for power after event
* CASSA will introduce noodles to MegaLAN
* May introduce a coffee station to MegaLAN
* Need to be vigilant in checking for Guild and CASSA membership.
* Need to update MegaLAN page on the CASSA website
* May add a Tournament page to the CASSA website to be updated each MegaLAN
* Five volunteers needed for clean up after MegaLAN. $5 returned to volunteers when clean up finishes.
* Promotion
	+ Event listing has been created on EnjoyPerth.com.au
	+ Event was posted to /r/perth on reddit and received positive feedback
	+ Event was created on FaceBook. There is a mixed reception as a couple of invitees have mentioned LANaddicts’ event and said they will attend that event over MegaLAN.
	+ Event details were added to CASSA’s website
	+ We have decided against using the services of Big Man Tyrone for promotion purposes
	+ EventBrite will not be used for promotion as the site receives +10% of the ticket fees.
* Poster Status
	+ Damon is currently creating the poster
	+ ETA for the draft is next Monday
* PayPal Prepay
	+ Mat and Will will coordinate in setting up and maintaining a Paypal account for use before and during MegaLAN

CoderDojo Promotion
-------------------
* Mass email concerning CoderDojo and need for volunteers has been sent
* CoderDojo runs during each semester.
* At the beginning of semester, there is only small window for volunteer sign up. Must sign up at this time, as CoderDojo does not have the resources to support sign up during semester.
* For mass emails, CASSA will now send shorter emails with link to relevant pages
* After MegaLAN has concluded, will remove current pinned MegaLAN post to pin CoderDojo details to Facebook

Guild Funded Raffle
-------------------
* For fundraising purposes; CASSA is considering purchasing prizes funded by the Guild to raffle off.
* Considering starting with smaller monthly raffles to set a precedent for CASSA raffles.
* Ticket prices may be $2-5.
* Possible prizes discussed:
	+ Video card $200
	+ $100 razer mouse
	+ $60 PC game
	+ $25 Steam giftcards

EoS Status
----------
* Called drink peeps and book it
* The EoS will be held on campus if possible, in building 17. SCISSA has previously held their EoS events on campus so this is possible.
* A small Occasional Exemption is required to run the event on campus
* Ubrewit is being considered for alcohol supply
* Evan is currently making cider for the EoS
* Evan was paid 90 upfront for cider making supplies
* The Mount Lawley Lawn Bowls Club is being considered as a backup venue
* After the venue is booked, a budget will be drawn and food will be planned
* The EoS date has been moved to the 26th of June

Miscellaneous
-------------
* Evan sent mass email seeking members interested in CASSA minor roles, and by extension their interest in executive roles
* One person replied.
* Finding members interested in executive roles for the next year is priority, so we may prepare them for these roles in the next semester.














