CASSA General Meeting 2015/03/27
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
    + Talk to Evan, Sam and Mat about Saturday meetings
	+ Email Head of School to arrange meeting
	+ Email Trent guild money
	+ Discuss security events with Sam at future date
	+ Talk to COMSA about joint LAN

* Alex 
	+ Keyholder chat: update on keyholder discussion points
	+ Upload tasks to redmine 
* Matt
	+ Deposit money from clubroom tin into bank account
* Will
	+ Finish what needs to be done for VC
	+ Talk to social council/Trent about funding
	+ Send Ash COMSSA contacts
* Sam 
	+ Inform Ash on available times for security meetings
* Rylan	
	+ Create FB event
	+ Ask Brandon, greg, alex Sausage sizzle
	+ Book barbeque
	+ Organise people
	+ Organise people
* Evan 
	+ Consolidate Redmine: CoderDojo
	+ CoderDojo tasks
	
Meetings
--------
* Future general meetings may be held on Saturdays to improve attendance. These meetings may be followed up with a movie night.
* The next general meeting will be held during break week, on the weekend, the 17th of April.	
	
Door Key Change
---------------	
* Greg has been consulted, an email needs to be sent to him to allow the key change.	
	
Keyholders
----------	
* Keyholder absences need to be posted in the assigned Facebook chat.
* Looking into having a page for keyholders so posts are easier to keep and read.
* For semester breaks, keyholders do not need to come in.
* Need to have door open for week 6. If possible attend. If not, use chat. No penalisation, but hope to have the door open.
	
Head of School Meeting
----------------------	
* The previous meeting dates have not been optimal for President and HoS.
* Next meeting has to be at Joondalup campus, possibly on a Wednesday.
* Ash, Will and Evan need to attend, other executive members may attend.
* Evan is attending vice chancellor meeting, contact Ash to discuss possible topics for this meeting.
* Ideal day for meeting is a Wednesday after make up week, the week after the sausage sizzle (Wednesday 22th of April.)
* Discussion Points for HoS:
	+ New clubroom at Joondalup campus
	+ Letter from HoS for Kmart Community Groups 
	+ Student Affairs
	+ CASSAâ€™s plans for future operation

Events
------
* The End of Semester party is to be held Tuesday before MegaLAN 2015.1 
* Fighter LAN
	+ Fighter LAN room booking is confirmed. Confusion was caused by double booking rooms.
	+ Promotion via Facebook
	+ Event is on the 19th April for one day
	+ David and Ash have volunteered to supervise event
	+ 3 trestle tables have been booked for LAN use
* ML Sausage Sizzle
	+ May be funded by Guild capital, need to use their logo in event if this is the case.
	+ The sausage sizzle at ML will be held after make up week, on Wednesday the 22nd of April.
	+ Organise sausages and bread day before.
	+ David, Ash, Alex, and Mat have volunteered to do the sizzle.
* Mount Lawley Events (suggestions)
	+ Sausage sizzle is planned for the 22nd of April.
	+ Events for Security and first year Joondalup students are priority, but big events (Fighter LAN and MegaLAN 2015.1) are being hosted on ML campus.
	+ Contact IT for credentials for Steam.
	+ Ocassionally host pizza socials ($5,$10,$8) on no meeting Fridays.
	+ Netflix nights
	+ Games in games lab, one specific game being played for that night.
* Security Events 
	+ Security events will be discussed in the next meeting.
* Event Promotion	
	+ Moderators of /r/perth and /r/edithcowan have approved promotion of CASSA events on their respective subreddits. We can promote them for the benefit of both CASSA and the subreddits.
	+ Meetup.com is a free service which promotes social events. We should utilise this service in promoting CASSA public events.
	+ EnjoyPerth! Hosts a calendar and lists events being held in and around Perth. There is no charge for this service, and has a large audience. We should utilise this service when promoting CASSA public events
	+ CASSA has a Twitter account, @CASSAecu.
		- Will has access to the account through Tweetdeck (multiplatform that individuals use to send tweets on a single account.) James T has access to Tweetdeck.
		- Will needs to grant access to other relevant exec to use twitter for updates and promotion

MegaLAN 2015.1
--------------
* Last year MegaLAN 2014.2 was held at the End of Semester, and was more successful than other second semester LAN (which were held during the semester.)
* Will be held in the week after the End of Semester party.
* Room booking is underway.

CoderDojo
---------	
* Mentors have been getting their Working With Children check forms from Evan.
* CoderDojo will be discussed next meeting.
	
Treasury
--------
* Console purchase is not a priority.
* Spudshed has good specials for Kirks drinks, should observe specials to purchase drinks for clubroom use.
* Pricelist for Kmart
	+ Need to get a letter with an official letterhead to prove that CASSA is a student organisation from the Head of School.
* PayPal progress update
	+ PayPal will be discussed at the next meeting.
* Netflix
	+ Netflix use has been smooth, with no problems encountered on the ECU network.
	+ There is currently no need to buy a subscription for use in the clubroom.
	+ Willing members have been using their accounts for clubroom viewing.
