CASSA General Meeting 2015/06/05
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
	+ On Friday of MegaLAN set up, do a food run with David
* David
	+ On Friday of MegaLAN set up; do a food run with Ash
* Matt
	+ Pick up power on the 3rd of July
	+ Continue work on party games
* Will
	+ Get Greg’s credentials for MegaLAN network set up
* Rylan 
	+ Confirm power pick up with Mat

MegaLAN 2015.1 Status
---------------------
* Reimbursement from the Guild will be pursued after the MegaLAN.
* Mat is picking up power on the 3rd of July, and will be reimbursed for fuel consumption
* Will is adding a PayPal button to the website. People who prepay will receive an invoice from PayPal. People who prepay will bring their ID and cashier will check the PayPal account for their payment
* A food run will be done on the Friday of set up. Required; chocolates, softdrinks, energy drinks, chips. Especially Doritos, Mt Dew and one fedora.
* Definitely helping SET UP: Alex, Ash, David, Mat, Owen, Will
* Definitely helping PACK UP (volunteers receive $5 refund on ticket): Alex, Ash, Lee
* Pack up: signup sheet with reimburse ticket + reserve spreadsheet
* Need a trolley from CSO for both set up and pack up
* Greg is on vacation the week before MegaLAN, we need to get his credentials for network set up before he leaves

End of Semester Status
----------------------
* EoS will be on the 26th of June
* EoS will run from six to 9:59
* Event is booked, food and drink needs to be organised.
* Considering: hot party food from Cash and Carry and ten pizzas. Food will be decided upon closer to the date
* Alcohol budget: $60 on Beer, $ 90 on Cider, $30 on Pilsner and Larger.
* Food budget: $20 on garlic bread, $50 on pizza $30 on party foods.
* Non-alcoholic options: Coke, Sprite and water
* Deepa may be buying cases of cheap alcohol for the event. Deepa will create an invoice and sign it for record keeping.
* Evan is still brewing cider.
* David Ash and Matt picking up stuff from cash and carry
* Considering purchasing a microwave for heating the party food at/before the event.
* People setting up: Mat, Ash (after 5), Alex
* Trestle tables and fifteen seats are being provided by CSO. Will bring spare chairs from clubroom
* EOS schedule and entertainment (Approx.)
	+ Put party food out 6:30, Pizzas 7:00
	+ Party games throughout
	+ Music: provided by iPod dock and Dance room projector
	+ Lighting: lasers provided by Mat

Miscellaneous
-------------
* CoderDojo: Ash and Evan are working on promotion
* Introduction days and JO Open Day – keep calendar free. Ash will be attending Induction Days
* Discussion for purchasing a Wii U will continue at a future meeting
