CASSA General Meeting 2015/08/07
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
	+ Contact Damon about MegaLAN 2015.2 poster
	+ Confirm room bookings for events
* David
	+ Recruit keyholders for the Mt Lawley clubroom
	+ Update Keyholder Roster
* Alex
	+ Upload all agendas and minutes to OwnCloud
	+ Upload MegaLAN 2015.1 records to OwnCloud
	
MegaLAN 2015.1 Summary
----------------------
* Due to technical difficulties, secretary lost access to notes about MegaLAN 2015.1. The summary will be discussed in the next general meeting on the 27th of August.3
	
Events
------	
* Ash is currently booking rooms for events
* The Annual General Meeting and End of Semester party will be moved to Joondalup campus.
* The AGM and EoS will both be held on the 20th of November, the last Friday in the exam period.
* The AGM will be at five on the 20th of November. The EoS will follow.
* A calendar with all event dates is currently on OwnCloud. Once dates and rooms are comfirmed, the calendar will be publicly distributed.
	
MegaLAN 2015.2	
--------------
* We’ve already had people express interest in this semester’s MegaLAN.
* The LAN was booked November 27th, however this date conflicts with a local Indie game convention
* MegaLAN 2015.2 will be held on the 21st and 22nd of November, following the AGM and EoS on the previous day
* Any people willing and able will help set up the MegaLAN on the 20th, before the AGM and EoS	
	
First Year Assistance Class Summary
-----------------------------------	
* Tyson McElroy hosted a class on Tuesday at Joondalup campus
* Had a good number of attendees
* The class and help provided seemed to be well received by attendees
* Tyson asks for more volunteers to attend the class to aid more students
* When the opportunity arises, will book a different room for an earlier start time to better suit volunteer and attendee needs

VPS Budgeting	
-------------
* CASSA currently pays US $6 for web hosting
* Will is currently seeking sponsorship for CASSA, hopefully to get cheaper/free hosting
* Will and Evan put forward a motion to spend US $50 towards VPS. This motion was passed.	
	
Keyholders
----------	
* Any students that attend the Mount Lawley campus are welcome to step up to become a keyholder for CASSA’s ML clubroom.
* David is overseeing keyholders.
* Executive members may sign up CASSA members for keyholder shifts, while notifying David.
* Ash will organise a key change soon.
* A new Slack channel will be made for keyholders to access, concerning questions, absences or for when they forget the key.
* Executive committee will send out a mass email asking for people interested in being keyholders.
* All responders to the above email must attend the next general meeting.
* All keyholders must start using Slack and be on the Keyholder channel.
	
Miscellaneous
-------------	
* CASSA mass emails have a read rate of 48%
* Mass emails sent by CASSA have been going into spam folders. This is because plaintext is considered suspicious and will likely cause the email to be registered as spam.
* Adding a JPG of the CASSA logo allows the emails to be registered as HTML, and not as suspicious plaintext. This has stopped most CASSA emails from being sent to the junk folder.
* Evan performed some exceptional beatboxing
