CASSA Annual General Meeting 2015/11/20
================================

Year Review
-----------
* President Ashley Woodiss-Field deemed that 2015 was overall, a good year for
CASSA.
* The second semester had a dip in momentum for the club. However, considering
the year and campus split within the School by this time, CASSA fared well.
* Evan Roberts and William Termini were announced as CASSA’s most valuable
members of 2015.
* There was a marked improvement in CASSA’s creation and support of academic
events for the students of the School. These events were well received and rather
successful, and were recommended to be developed further next year.
* Social events were not as frequent this year because of the campus split, but the
events that did occur were modestly successful.
* This year we found how to hold events involving alcohol, which opens the options
for social events up wider than last year.
* GameJam was run well and was a successful event.
* CASSA’s stall at Big Day In was impressive, with many interactive demonstrations
and willing volunteers to make the booth interesting and attractive to potential
university students.
* MegaLAN was held at Joondalup campus for the first time this year, paving the way
for more, and bigger, MegaLANs.
* Concerning the handover to the new club committee, add the newly voted in
committee to the CASSA.EXE IRC channel so that old and new may communicate
during the year break. After Orientation day, delete members who are then not in
the club committee.
* The President hopes that during his term and this year, a solid foundation was
created for the club to operate better in 2016.

Presidential Address
--------------------
* Anthena Swan
	+ Athena SWAN is an initiative to support women in STEMM and academia.
	+ Next year’s committee should consider getting involved with Athena Swan
initiatives.
	+ Andrew Woodward is willing to give funds to CASSA for holding events supporting
females in STEMM fields

Executive Committee Elections
-----------------------------
* President
    + David Maxwell
        - Yes votes - 11
        - No votes  - 0
        - Abstain votes - 2
	+ David Maxwell voted into the president role
* Vice President
	+ Mathew Aristei
		- Yes votes - 7
	+ Tyson Mcelroy
		- Yes Votes - 4
	+ Abstain votes - 2
	+ Mathew Atistei voted into the vice president role
* Treasurer
	+ William Termini
		- Yes votes - 13
		- No votes - 0
		- Abstain votes - 0
		+ William Termini voted into the treasurer role
* Secretary
	+ Tyson Mcelroy
		- Yes Votes - 13
		- No votes - 0
		- Abstain votes - 0
		+ Tyson Mcelroy voted into the secretary role
* Academic Coorinator
	+ Tyson Mcelroy
		- Yes Votes - 9
		- No votes - 0
		- Abstain votes - 4
		+ Tyson Mcelroy voted into the academic coordinator role
* Social Coorinator
	+ Alexandra Green
		- Yes Votes - 9
	+ Adam Foster
		- Yes votes - 0
	+ Abstain votes - 1
	+ Alexandra Green voted into the social coordinator role
* Asset Manager
	+ Dan Buzzard
		- Yes Votes - 0
	+ Dan Traeger
		- Yes votes - 6
	+ Adam Foster
		- Yes votes - 5
	+ Abstain votes - 3
	+ Dan Traeger voted into the asset manager role
* Tech Admin
	+ Damion Brown
		- Yes Votes - 9
	+ Jack Pritchard
		- Yes votes - 1
	+ Abstain votes - 3
	+ Damion Brown voted into the tech admin role
* Web Admin
	+ Jack Pritchard
		- Yes Votes - 2
	+ Adam Foster
		- Yes votes - 8
	+ Abstain votes - 3
	+ Adam Foster voted into the web admin role
* 1st Year Representative
    + Caiden Burkett
        - Yes votes - 11
        - No votes  - 0
        - Abstain votes - 2
	+ Caiden Burkett voted into the 1st year representative role
* 2nd Year Representative
    + Dan Buzzard
        - Yes votes - 11
        - No votes  - 0
        - Abstain votes - 2
	+ Dan Buzzard voted into the 2nd year representative role
* 3rd Year Representative
	+ David Maxwell
		- Yes Votes - 0
	+ Sam Reid
		- Yes votes - 11
	+ Abstain votes - 2
	+ Sam Reid voted into the 3rd year representative role
* Post-Graduate Representative role
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field
        - Yes votes - 12
        - No votes  - 0
        - Abstain votes - 1
	+ Ashley Woodiss-Field voted into the post-graduate representative role