CASSA General Meeting 2015/09/04
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
	+ Email HoS to arrange a meeting date in the near future
* Matt
	+ Ask bank if they can mail statements of account to the Campus Support Office
* Evan 
	+ Confirm power booking
	
Events
------
* MegaLAN and EoS rooms are booked on JO campus
* The Annual General Meeting and End of Semester party will be on the 20th of November, and MegaLAN 2015.2 will follow on the 21st of November
* CASSA is undecided as to whether to get a keg or individual beers for the EoS
* Concept art for the MegaLAN poster met approval, and the draft for the poster is currently being completed. Dates have been given to Owen and Damon to add to the poster.

Sponsorship
-----------
* CASSA is working to move to web hosting sponsorship instead of paying for webhosting.
* Will has contacted OwnCloud and Amazon requesting sponsorship.
* Kmart Sponsorship: Letterhead still needed from Head of School.
* Head of school meeting after mid semester
* Members have been asked to gauge the interest of local stores in sponsoring CASSA

Streaming gear
--------------
* For use at events, video out of computer, and for conferencing
* Gear wanted will cost approximately $50
* If approved, Evan will budget for the gear out of the Guild money.

Clubroom
--------
* Proposed JO campus clubroom is in state of limbo. The Student Information Office is on the same floor as the room, and they might want the extra office.
* Email HOS to see if we can turn the tide of favour.

Finances
--------
* Statement of account is needed
* Noodles are going out of date. They will now be sold for $1 from now.
* Water will remain at $1
* Money is needed for CYSCA pizza support, approximately $550. The Guild will reimburse CASSA for the costs.
* Perhaps book the green box at JO campus to sell the noodles at 75 cents

Keyholders
----------
* There has been no interest in filling any more keyholder shifts.


