CASSA General Meeting 2015/02/27
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
    + Discuss with Mat about budget and budget requests for executives
	+ Organise meeting between Evan, Roshann, Will, Sam for security meetings
	+ Promote CoderJodo extensively – incl. prize and free entry in MegaLAN

* Alex 
	+ Inform Greg that MegaLAN will be held End of Semester
	+ Post previous and future agendas and minutes as articles on website
* Matt
	+ Search for a cheaper supplier (food and drink)
* Will
	+ Inform Ash on available times for security meetings
	+ Attend social council meeting, ask about three phase power purchase
* Sam 
	+ Inform Ash on available times for security meetings
* Rylan	
	+ MegaLAN will be held EOS
	+ Check date of mid-semester
	+ Email Greg with RFLAN date
	+ Book rooms for Fighter LAN
* Evan 
	+ Contact Peter Hannay for info on PayPal device
	+ Inform Ash on available times for security meetings
	+ Check if profit is allowed to be made with an Occasional liquor license 
	+ Attend social council meeting, ask about three phase power purchase

Guild affiliation
-----------------
* No objections from attendants of the meeting	
* It was established that CASSA is now affiliating with the ECU Student Guild

Keyholders
----------
* New keyholder agreement has been created, all new keyholders are required to sign the agreements and register for keyholder shifts.
* Six keyholders have been designated. See CASSA Keyholder Roster for further details.

Treasury 
--------
* Income evaluation: evaluate revenue and figure out more ways to raise money
* Raising cost of snacks from $1.50 to $2.00 as supplier has raised costs
* CASSA members have $2.50 drink and snack deal
	+ To check membership; log into website, check “people” and cross-reference
* Snacks will remain the same price until the next food and drink run
* Drinks will remain $1.
* A cheaper supplier is optimal
* PayPal:  $140 for a unit, and phone capable of running software required to use Paypal to accept EFTPOS payment, PayPal will charge 2% of sale
* $2 for snack in coin, $1.80 for snack in EFTPOS sale
* Creating a budget will be discussed next meeting
* Old servers donated to CASSA require more RAM, and two terabyte drives. Need $40 for the RAM.
* A hypervisor will do the work of the donated servers. If CASSA is to purchase a hypervisor, there will be little to no need for the server upgrades or servers themselves.
* CASSA has an overhead of money, which has been acquired over the years. It was suggested that CASSA spends some of this excess money to improve the clubroom and buy aids for events.
* CASSA has an overhead of money, which has been acquired over the years. It was suggested that CASSA spends some of this excess money to improve the clubroom and buy aids for events.
* The set baseline reserve for the CASSA bank account is $500; to ensure there will be money in the bank in case of emergencies
* How the current overhead will be spent will be discussed at further meetings

Website Training
----------------
* Will has replace the former website with a new one over the break. www.cassa.org.au
* Students are registered as CASSA members via signing up on the site.
* Non-Exec and Exec have access to Chat (IRC) and Forum functions
* Exec can create content on the site
* ZNC bouncer is accessible to all members (for IRC)
* Members have access to Redmine, project management software.
* There is a Gannt chart for visualising tasks in Redmine (length and when due)
* If Exec want to be part of a project, must send Will a message saying so, Exec will then be assigned to project
* Exec only, ‘Mass contact’ option to send emails to all registered email addresses concerning meetings and events. (DO NOT ARCHIVE EMAILS, will put all recipient emails on the front page.)
* Security certificate needed for site soon. 

Events
------
* Sauasage sizzle discussion in the next meeting
* Security Meetings
	+ Sam’s security LAN and Locksport competitions
* Alcohol at events	
	+ Ash has an approved manager license to sell alcohol, and Responsible Service of Alcohol
* Occasional liquor license is $50 per event, required to sell alcohol at events
* Must check ID at events with alcohol
* If serving alcohol, must provide free water (perhaps use jugs filled with filtered water from uni grounds)
* Must follow the law, otherwise CASSA will be subject to large fines and may result in CASSA being disbanded.
* Power Gear Purchase
	+ If purchased, must pay large initial amount of money. 
	+ If purchased, Must be stored safely in space CASSA does not necessarily have
	+ If purchased, must be maintained on a regular basis by authorised persons
	+ Current supplier has not increased prices in CASSA’s years of renting it.
	+ CASSA and POWA may propose to the Guild to buy the power gear. Guild will own it, and will have to store and maintain it instead of CASSA.
	+ Could use Guild capital to fundraise to purchase the power gear
* ML Meet’n’Greet
	+ Majority of new students are at Joondalup, CASSA will prioritise Joondalup Meet’N’Greets over Mt Lawley
	+ Mt Lawley will not host a Meet’n’Greet
	+ Joondalup Meet’n’Greet will be held Wednesday 

MegaLAN 1.2015
--------------
* If MegaLAN clashes with fighter LAN, will combine
* MegaLAN will be discussed further at the next meeting
* To be held at the End of Semester	
	
CoderDojo
---------	
* CASSA promotion of CoderDojo internally and externally is highly recommended	
* Free MegaLAN entry and raffle for a prize for participants in CoderDojo	
	
HOS meeting
-----------
* IT is giving students problems. Units are being detrimentally affected.	
* Wifi is still not optimal.	