CASSA General Meeting 2015/02/11
================================

Action Plan
-----------
* Ashley
    + Attend ECU Induction ML, JO
	+ Email HoS: set up meeting round week 3
	+ Copy Karen’s posts, onto main FB page & DropBox
	+ Bill SESS for Game Jam
* David
	+ Attend PIBT induction, 9:45 12-2-15
* Alex 
	+ Attend PIBT induction, 9:45 12-2-15
	+ Attend ECU Induction, ML, JO
	+ Fix PPT, new QR code for site
	+ Add list of exec for 2015
* Matt
	+ Attend ECU Induction, ML
	+ Bill SESS for Game Jam – create invoice
* Will
	+ Continue work on switch from dropbox.
	
* Rylan	
	+ Attend ECU induction ML 
* Evan	
	+ Attend PIBT induction, 9:45 12-2-15
* Greg
	+ Post opportunities/traineeships to Facebook group page.
	+ Check latest class end times for Mount Lawley.
	+ First year units on Wednesdays JO: give Ash times
	+ Award for contribution: CV certificates
	+ Dig up invoice for previous Game Jam
* Roshann
	+ Contact speakers on matters of physical and cyber security. If able, give contact details to Evan
	
Official Handover of Executive roles
------------------------------------	
* Need Alexandra to sign key over to Ash at CSO
* Take Alex H. off bank, add David

Actions to be taken before semester start:
------------------------------------------
* Orientation: Need to affiliate with Guild to have subsidised table. $300 otherwise.
* Facebook: Group is the active page, Greg will post opportunities/traineeships.
* Keyholders: Facebook chat, email, Redmine? To ensure schedule.
* Clubroom clean-up: Will and Evan cleaned and reorganised the room. Keyholders are to uphold this standard.
* Redmine: New organisation site. Keyholders need to sign up.
* Have a keyholder sign up day. Create a physical sign up sheet to make them accountable.
 	
Actions to be taken during semester:
------------------------------------
* Regular meetings: every second week. Joondalup presence: one JO GM to two ML GMs.
* Gather first year JO committee.
* Organise early HoS meeting, third week or so.
* CODER DOJO: check Andrew, subsidise WWC permits? CDJ was discussed.
* Events
	+ two sausage sizzles one Ml, one JO.
	+ Wednesdays: Ash goes to JO to meet first years.
	+ Linux classes at JO
	+ Discuss MegaLAN 2015.1 in first GM; posters, book rooms, network layout, power booking. Check date for conflicting events NOT 11th 12th  APRIL,  RFLAN. Middle of semester preferably. Tournaments; Strawpoll for interest in games.
	+ Console fighters are holding a LAN 29th March.
	+ Security based LAN: free for all. Sam need to discus in next GM. Feasibility?
	+ Weekly JO events, scaled down meetup events Local multiplayers. Ideally wed. B JO 19
	+ Invite external executives (i.e. Robotics & Programming society) to dinnerquest.
* Clubroom Maintenance
	+ Move stuff from office into clubroom. Keyholders upkeep clubroom maintainance. No FAL run right now.
	+ Clubroom Cashbox: keep under $100. Transfer from clubroom to office each night. Every 2 weeks drop 
	+ dedicated drivers for drink runs: Brandon volunteer
	+ Drink delivery: get Coles/Woolies for drinks
	+ Snack prices rose. Less quantity for more money. Mus discuss raising snacks to 1.80 to ensure we break even.
	+ Website up and running. Memberships are ready. SSL cert will expired. 

New ideas to be discussed:
--------------------------
* Tutoring portal: call to arms. Sponsor and advertise tutors.
* Asset Audit: continue audit get label maker
* Own CASSA account for network, LAN players need to log in.
* Security Involvment:
	+ 80c noodles sell for 1.50
	+ David Brooks
	+ Locksport competitions
	+ Security LANs held over midsemester
	+ CASSA exec could join ASIS
	+ Bring memebers down to first year lectures at JO to introduce themselves
* Student Guild affiliation CASSA
	+ ECU students first’, means, maybe a discount for students.
	+ Andrew Woodward approves of affiliation. In terms of relative priority, CDJ is 80, ECU is 100. 
	+ Guild logo needs to be readable on promotional materials, will only really be required when guild pays for event.
	+ ECU guild counts guild and cassa members for grants.
	+ Money raised by utilising guild capital can be used for CASSA’s design.
	+ Guild membership is default now. Need to opt out.
	+ New guild logo.
	+ Our constitution is compatible with the Guild’s.
	+ Guild affiliation documents signed 11-2-15 by  Ashley Woodiss-Field, David Maxwell, Mathew Aristei and Alexandra Green













	
	