CASSA General Meeting 2010/12/09
================================

Attendance
----------
* Jana Buvari - President
* Jetha Chan - Secretary
* Steph Stidolph - Treasurer 
* Greg Baatard - Staff Rep
* Peter Hannay
* Gwyn Hannay

Meeting started 6:30pm
----------------------
* Location: ECU Mount Lawley, 17.156

Previous action list
--------------------
* A review of the action list from the previous meeting did not take place

Room transition
---------------
* Once the move is underway, we’ll need to get rid of one of the sofas and assess actual furniture requirements
* Jetha will continue to liaise with the university re: room transition
	+ Need to expedite – need to get room at least a week before orientation!

Megalan cleanup
---------------
* Mitch came by and picked up the power and network looms; no further action on our part necessary

Arcade Machine
--------------
* Point-by-point assessment:
	+ Bertyl is still looking to help; we should follow up.  We’ll get him to do up a quick dummy model of the controls
	+ Greg and Peter think that getting a monitor in the cabinet and such should only take another day or two of solid work
	+ Speakers – Peter has mentioned that it should be easy to rig up some cheapies
	+ Hard drives – machine uses a PATA interface which should be taken into account as we need a replacement

Money
-----
* CASSA still owe Ian the money for softdrinks bought on the night of the EoS party - $50
* Need to automate the food / drink situation 
	+ a vending machine has been suggested, UCC-style
* New boxes for club projects, providing that funds are available?
* New spending authorisation rules, UCC style 
	+ Treasurer should give one week’s notice on the exec list for proposed spending, if no negative response is received then spending will go ahead
* Move cash to Greg’s in the interim
* CASSA has not filed a tax return in the last six years
	+ This could be a problem
	
Constitution
------------
* “Change the fucking constitution” – to quote Peter Hannay
* There’s not much point in remaining bound by a document that old and out of touch with our needs, especially when no one’s going to call us on it

Gwyn's Library System
---------------------
* Steph has been nominated by Jana to buy both a barcode reader and an RFID reader – Steph will liase with UCC and ask what readers they use

AGM
---
* In a bid to increase turnout, it has been decided that the AGM will feature pizza + drinks (a keg!) funded by CASSA, themed as a start-of-semester party – a few days after SCSS induction day
	+ Venue will be the area outside the main Aroma, assuming it can be booked
* Alcohol-on-campus and area booking forms need to be filled in and signed off in order to facilitate such

Meeting closed at 7:17pm
------------------------