CASSA General Meeting 2010/07/29
================================

Meeting started 7:14pm
----------------------
* Location: ECU Mount Lawley, 17.156

Attendance
----------
* Jana Buvari - President
* Jetha Chan - Vice-President
* Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
* Greg Baatard - Staff Rep
* Philip Ramos
* Nicole Lisson
* Glen Thompson
* Lynette Thompson
* Lindsay Bunney
* Tom Cliff
* Viktor Spirovski
* Robert Zhuang-Bentinck
* Andrew Kitis
* Matthew Woods
* Reece Hunter
* Alex Blair-Turner
* Bruno Kwesiga
* Irfan Kuc
* Dan Pham

Absentees (without apology)
---------
Stuart Pearson - Secretary / Tech Admin
Nick Coucaud - Tech Admin

Previous action list
--------------------
* A review of the action list from the previous meeting did not take place

Staff recruiting and reshuffling
--------------------------------
* Jetha Chan steps down as Vice-President, citing a desire to improve CASSA’s accountability and task tracking – a job better accomplished as Secretary
* Secretary
	+ Jetha Chan voted in unopposed, motion firsted by Greg Baatard
* Vice President
	+ Andrew Kitis expressed an interest in the position
	+ Jana Buvari and Greg Baatard enumerated the roles and responsibilities inherent
	+ Andrew Kitis was voted in unopposed, motion firsted by Jana Buvari and seconded by Steph Stidolph
* Web Admin
	+ Glen Thompson described the responsibilities involved in administering CASSA’s IT solutions, and established that they needn’t necessarily be concentrated in a single role
	+ Philip Ramos and Tom Cliff expressed an interest in sharing the position(s), and were voted in unopposed - motion firsted by Nicole Lisson, seconded by Lindsay Bunney
* Social Coordinator
	+ Nicole Lisson voted in unopposed, motion firsted by Jana Buvari
* Jana reminded all new staff that members will need to give an email address suitable to be subscribed to the exec list
	+ new staff members should give their email addresses to Jetha, and he’ll add them to the list

Office days
-----------
* A short discussion on availability took place, with the resultant office day schedule shown below
	+ Mondays: Irfan Kuc
	+ Tuesdays: Robert Zhuang-Bentinck
	+ Wednesdays: Lynette Thompson (afternoon)
	+ Thursdays: Steph Stidolph (morning)
	+ Fridays: Jana Buvari
* At Greg’s urging, Jana re-emphasised the responsibilities of the keyholders – which are, in short, to:
	+ Keep the fridge stocked
	+ Monitor stock levels and notify the exec list of any impending shortages
	+ See to it that the office is treated as an office and not a party space
	+ Handle any club business for the day
	+ Tidy up the office at the end of the day
	
Facility changes
----------------
* Changes are afoot for ECU Mt Lawley - the staff room (13.124) is being repurposed for office space, and 17.156 will more than likely become the new staff room
	+ This effectively blocks any possible attempt on our part to gain new space, but also puts us in a precarious position regarding our existing space
* Good office conduct is all the more important now, and we should endeavour to avoid giving people any excuse to take what we have
	+ Andrew Kitis proposed selling items through the internal window and keeping the door shut as a general rule – there is an element of uncertainty about whether or not we’d be permitted to, though
	+ It was agreed that the committee should interface with SCSS administration and enquire to that effect
* Alex Blair-Turner proposed improving signage around the office, indicating its location and items for sale
	+ Jana Buvari proposed putting up the banner on the exterior window, and volunteered to do so during her first office day (July 30)
	
Sausage sizzles
---------------
* Phil proposed themed sausage sizzles to raise awareness of our study groups
	+ Nicole will determine what events are occurring during the semester and thus when we should run our sausage sizzles
* Jana established a tentative date for our first sausage sizzle as three weeks from today on a Wednesday August 18

Study groups
------------
* In the interests of improving turnout, Jana Buvari proposed that we introduce online preregistration / RSVPing for our study groups – it could be as simple as creating a thread on the forums

MegaLAN
-------
* Due to this semester’s delayed mid-semester break, it was decided that the next MegaLAN should ideally be held on the weekend of September 18-19 subject to confirmation of equipment availability and non-conflict with other LAN events
* The success of the last MegaLAN proved the viability of Building 14 as the new venue, and so the next MegaLAN will be held there again (14.146)
* Power restrictions remain, however – so again, at least 40m of 3-phase extension cables as well as a breakout box will have to be hired from Coates Hire in order for us to use the single 50A socket in the Building 14 maintenance facility
* Advertising will need to be prepared for the event – Jetha Chan will send past posters to Andrew Kitis for review

CASSA Quiz Night
----------------
* Greg refreshed the committee on the CASSA Quiz Night, an event that’s been in the works for a long time now
	+ While some questions have been prepared and the services of John Robertson were secured, we are as yet not ready to specify an exact date to hold it on
	+ The venue will be the Mt Lawley Bowls Club, within walking distance of campus
* Advertising will need to be up at least a month in advance of the event, with options for online RSVP and registration of interest
	+ It will be very much an adult quiz night, and this was reflected in the content proposed – it was agreed that this will need to be explicitly mentioned in the advertising
* Tentative date: late November

Arcade Machine
--------------
* This long-running project is almost complete, needing a new control bay to be machined and someone with electrical experience to mount a CRT into the cabinet
	+ Damon Pollard, Cameron Ball and some other guy have been suggested as candidates for the job
	+ LCDs were suggested as a safer option
* Regarding the control bay, Greg Baatard has an acquaintance (Bertyl Bosenberg) who could manufacture a new one for us

Event suggestions
-----------------
* Nicole Lisson suggested that just as the former Otaku Society did, CASSA should advertise karaoke events and such held at the Bowls Club – the Bowls Club runs them already, so it’s a low-effort way to increase our advertised events
* Matthew Woods suggested a movie night, but low interest unfortunately quashed the motion
* Nicole Lisson mentioned Humans Vs Zombies, a game that originated on college campuses in America – a two-day game of tag involving Nerf guns
	+ Details are still up in the air, but the event looks like it would be a weekend-long event; played Friday through Sunday with a 4pm BBQ as a thankyou
	+ Jana Buvari suggested getting UCCers in on the event to boost player participation count, which was agreed to be a good idea

JSS
---
* Jetha Chan talked for a bit about JSS (Japanese Studies Society), a new student association for students studying Japanese at ECU
	+ Formal, in-class polling has taken place, and it looks like it’ll have legs – just under 100 respondants, with a clear majority wanting such a society formed
	+ Informal talks re: resource sharing (for Japanese candy sales and a manga + reference textbook shelf) have taken place, seeing as ECU Mt Lawley has next to no free space available; but in the interest of keeping any such JSS-CASSA relationship alive going forward, it was agreed that CASSA should get something concrete out of the deal.
* Jetha proposed that JSS be created as a sister club to CASSA, with a membership fee of $10/year that includes a $5 CASSA membership component
	+ Jana Buvari suggested that the CASSA membership component be possibly discounted; however, as JSS is yet to officially form, no decision can be reached as of yet

Lrn2linux
---------
* Philip Ramos informed the committee that free speakers are available to come out to ECU and talk about Linux and OSS – but that it would need to be a full-on event, with all that that entails
	+ Preregistration is a necessary evil, in order to get numbers to justify the event – it was decided that a preregistration fee would be charged in the case of any such event to guarantee numbers on the day / night and offset food and drink costs
	
Treasury
--------
* Steph Stidolph reiterated that consultation needs to happen with the club BEFORE any purchases are made on the club’s behalf, lest anyone buy unwanted items and doesn’t get reimbursed
* Steph then asked the committee for spending suggestions – as all CASSA events run at a profit, we have a healthy amount to spend on club projects and such
	+ At present, the office contains $403 of club funds (from food and drink sales, predominantly)
	+ The lion’s share of this amount will be either banked or placed with the rest of the CASSA money
* Jana brought up the acquisition of a card reader and also a barcode reader to be purchased to facilitate Gwyn Hannay’s Applied IT Project (which involves building a library software package for CASSA use)
* Matthew Woods mentioned that we can get cheap LCDs from computer stores like Austin should we want to go that route for the arcade machine and avoid the danger of wiring up a CRT

EoS party
---------
* Following consultations with Glen Thompson, Jetha Chan proposed that elements of the MegaLAN be folded into the EoS party – primarily because turnout to the MegaLAN is significantly higher than that of the EoS party
	+ Unfortunately, alcohol is not permitted anywhere in Building 14, and the staff room in Building 13 lacks the power infrastructure that would be required to run a LAN in there
* It was suggested that the EoS party have a focus on console gaming and competition instead of just being a drunken binge, but no official decision was made
* The old SCISSA constitution is old and unsuited for a club of CASSA’s current size, and as such is frequently ignored
	+ A motion to redraft the constitution was put forward – firsted by Andrew, seconded by Jana
* Glen Thompson stressed that once redrafted, CASSA  must incorporate in order to shield members and committee members from liability (e.g. damage / injury at events)

Redrafting the constitution
---------------------------
* The old SCISSA constitution is old and unsuited for a club of CASSA’s current size, and as such is frequently ignored
	+ A motion to redraft the constitution was put forward – firsted by Andrew, seconded by Jana
* Glen Thompson stressed that once redrafted, CASSA  must incorporate in order to shield members and committee members from liability (e.g. damage / injury at events)

JO move
-------
* The new computing and science building under construction, combined with faculty office relocations thus far and changes in the works for Building 13, have the committee a little uneasy
	+ Should SCSS be moved completely to Joondalup, CASSA will need a space there – strictly speaking, to improve security science student outreach, a Joondalup presence has been necessary all along
* In the course of the discussion, Glen Thompson mentioned that SOSS had an office before we absorbed them and their membership;  this was a shock to the committee, who had not been made aware beforehand

Open Topics
-----------
* Bruno Kwesiga:  “When new students come in and enrol, they choose whether or not to opt into VSU.  Can CASSA try and get onto that page?”
	+ This was declared unfeasible, as the Guild is legally required to be mentioned on that particular page – CASSA, not so much
	+ Greg Baatard:  “The SCSS home page, Blackboard and netbook images should have some sort of CASSA mention
* Jetha Chan: “Would it be feasible to write a quick GD script that’ll let us automatically put up second-hand book information on the SCSS LCD advertisement screens?”

Meeting closed at 8:34pm
------------------------