CASSA General Meeting 2010/02/04
================================

Meeting started 6:18pm
----------------------
* Location: ECU Mount Lawley, 13.123

Attendance
----------
* Jana Buvari - President
* Jetha Chan - Vice-President
* Steph Stidolph - Treasurer

Absentees (with apology)
---------
* Stuart Pearson - Secretary
* Gwyn Hannay - President’s Advisor
* Peter Hannay - Staff Rep

Action List review
------------------
* A review of the action list from the AGM took place

ACS Foundation
--------------
* The President, Vice-President and Treasurer met with Carolyn Toleman of the ACS Foundation on [date], marking the beginning of a renewed relationship between the ACS and CASSA
* In broad strokes, the ACS Foundation would like for us to take a more active role in encouraging ECU students to seek out and apply for ACS Foundation scholarships (including but not limited to work-integrated learning), as no ECU student has taken an ACS Foundation scholarship in the last two years
* In detail:
	+ CASSA will promote ACS events such as IT in the Pub to its membership
	+ CASSA will endeavour to promote ACS scholarships, ideally achieving a to-be-determined number of ECU students in ACS scholarship slots
	+ CASSA will undertake to produce a monthly newsletter to improve awareness of events and opportunities amongst non-core members
* In return, the ACS will provide all fee-paying CASSA members with ACS memberships with all the rights and benefits included therein
	+ Ms Toleman also made mention of her industry contacts 
		- should CASSA wish to run industry awareness / networking nights, she could be of great help
	
vBulletin
---------
* A consensus has formed through in-person and electronic conversation to purchase vBulletin as an off-the- shelf solution
	+ Although it would be possible to hand-roll a custom solution using free and open-source technologies, our general lack of a full-time web developer puts it out of reach for now
* Glen Thompson, former webmaster has agreed to set up and deploy vBulletin as well as the initial layout and theme
* People with admin rights to the new system will be:
	+ Stuart Pearson and Nick Coucaud
	+ Jana Buvari
	+ Jetha Chan
* vBulletin will be purchased using club funds by way of the new PayPal account

PayPal
------
* A club PayPal account has been set up to facilitate the tracking of membership payments for CASSA in conjunction with vBulletin
	+ Once a savings account is set up (see 5. Savings Account), it can be linked with PayPal for delicious hax
	
Savings Account
---------------
* Based on research over the last few days combined with findings from last year, it has been decided that nab would be the best choice
	+ Former Vice-President David Cooper was charged with bank research last year; unfortunately, Jana couldn’t find the forms that he looked into
* Jana and Steph will look into creating a bank account tomorrow (February 5)

Open Days
---------
* Jetha and Peter have looked into the appropriate dates, which are as follows:
	+ Joondalup: Feb 16th
	+ Mount Lawley: Feb 18th
* Volunteers thus far are:
	+ Jana Buvari
	+ Jetha Chan
	+ Ian Harmer
	+ Stuart Pearson
	+ Steph Stidolph
* It has been decided that a call for further volunteers should go out on the main mailing list as well as on the official CASSA Facebook group
* Steph has volunteered to sit in the office on the Mount Lawley open day and represent CASSA to passersby
	+ Brett Turner has informed us that prospective students from various high schools will be coming through on the day
* Jana has created a simple 1-page PPT for use in the SCSS induction sessions - but we have yet to talk to Yan Mak about getting time for CASSA to address the new students

MegaLAN
-------
* As per the discussion at the 2010 AGM, the Semester 1 MegaLAN will take place on April 17th , 2010 – barring any objections from Facilities
* Jana has had a preliminary discussion with Facilities with regards to the MegaLAN and has found that the Kurongkurl Katitjin building is no longer an option, as its new building manager refuses to entertain the possibility of non-artsy events
* Peter Hannay has suggested the staff room (ECU ML Building 13) as a potential venue, pending approval from Facilities and power availability

End of Semester Party
---------------------
* A tentative date for the customary end of semester party has been pencilled in for June 18th, 2010 – the final Friday of the exam period
* Jana will bring this up during her meeting with Facilities tomorrow (February 5th)

Movie Night
-----------
* In lieu of our as-yet unappointed Social Coordinator, Jana has volunteered to look into ticket pricing and such with Dave

Signage
-------
* After some research into our options, Jetha has found that Officeworks are our only option if we want to make this before orientation
	+ EXPO Print Services require three weeks for delivery, whereas Officeworks can do same-day production
* Jetha will gin up some prototypes and post them to the executive forum and mailing list in the days to come

CASSA Newsletter
----------------
* Jetha and Stuart will be in charge of the newsletter project
	+ The general plan is to start with a transitional issue with a foreword from Jana to explain the changes happening with and within CASSA, then a start of the academic year issue sent out to the signups we’ll get on the open days

Sundries
--------
* A number of issues were tabled but held till the next meeting due to short notice and lack of attendance
	+ The issues included but were not limited to:
		- voting in non-titled executive committee positions
		- constitutional changes
		- undergraduate and postgraduate representatives
		
Meeting closed at 7:11pm
------------------------