CASSA General Meeting 2010/03/29
================================

Meeting started 5:55pm
----------------------
* Location: ECU Mount Lawley, 17.156

Attendance
----------
* Jetha Chan Vice-President
* Steph Stidolph Treasurer
* Stuart Pearson Secretary / Tech Admin
* Greg Baatard Staff Rep
* Philip Ramos
* Will Clark
* Ian Harmer
* Matthew Woods

Absentees (with apology)
---------
* Jana Buvari - President

Absentees (without apology)
---------
* Nick Coucaud - Tech Admin

Action list
-----------
* A review of the action list from the previous meeting did not take place

SOSS
----
* Much as the school absorbed Security Science, we have absorbed SOSS
* Several boxes of extant SOSS materiel have been deposited in the office and will be sorted through tomorrow (30 March) by Philip Ramos and Jetha Chan
* A short discussion re: club aims and purposes took place with regards to whether or not we should create a new position, that of security students representative
	+ Though no conclusion was reached, it was generally agreed that in keeping with our identity as the official student association of the school, we should try and improve our outreach to security science students
	+ We remain undecided as to what form said outreach should take

MegaLAN
-------
* The upcoming MegaLAN (17-18 April) has been plagued with problems
	+ The booked areas, 14.114-116 do not have adequate power to run the event; indeed, the building itself has only a single three-phase 30A socket on the exterior of the building, in the maintenance workshop
	+ Maintenance have allowed us to use the socket should it be necessary; however, any proposed use of said socket will require the hire of both a 30A breakout box (as the WAAPA breakout box is of insufficient amperage) and appropriate cabling + safety wraps
* Steph mentioned that Jana had a meeting scheduled tomorrow (30 March) with the Kurongkurl Katitjin building manager as to whether or not we could use the MegaLAN’s traditional venue
* Should Jana be successful, Jetha needs to be ready to update advertising with the new venue information
* Capping off this topic - it should be stressed that in his capacity as tech admin, Stuart thinks it’d be a bad idea to run the MegaLAN on campus if we can’t get access to building 15
* Asides from that, Stuart informs us that we’re ready to go on the software front – the only thing remaining is getting Peter’s DHCP / DNS box for the days

EoS Party
---------
* Jana has done some groundwork and spoken to Facilities about what we can and cannot do
* General guidelines for the EoS party:
	+ Advertising cannot mention alcohol-for-money – tickets gain you admission
	+ No money can change hands on the day – pre-sold tickets only
* We need to confirm whether U-Brew-It is in a position to supply alcohol for the party
	+ If so, general consensus was that we should get apple beer and a generic pilsener
	+ This should be done ASAP as the brewing process will take time
* Proposed venue is the staff room in Building 13, ECU Mount Lawley as in previous years
* We’ll need to book the room ahead of time and get Greg to sign off on it as Staff Rep
* Food options were briefly discussed, but no consensus was reached

Quiz Night
----------
* Peter, Gwyn and Greg were in charge of planning this inter-semester event; unfortunately, not much movement has occurred
* Greg has mentioned that if we want to have a quiz night happen, we’re going to need advertising up at least a month in advance, ideally befor the end of the mid-semester break
	+ in other words, for an inter-semester event to happen we’re going to need the event planned and fully organised ASAP, the feasibility of which is in question
* Steph has offered to take over responsibility for planning this event, in concert with Greg

Sausage Sizzles
---------------
* General opinion is that we should resume holding sausage sizzles – they have been a good way to raise money in the past and do a good job of raising both ours and the school’s profile.
* Operating notes:
	+ IGA should be called a week in advance to organise sausages, ideally
	+ Volunteers – we need 2-3 people who can run it all day.
		- On this note, Will Clark has volunteered to be our main man on this – he can run it on any Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday
* It has been decided that our first sausage sizzle should be held on the Wednesday before the MegaLAN, i.e. 14 April, pending availability

FAL Run
-------
* Stock levels in the office are running dangerously low – a run needs to be done

Committee changes and additions
-------------------------------
* Changes
	+ After not showing up to meetings twice in a row, a motion to dismiss Nick Coucaud from his role as Web Admin as per the constitution was tabled and carried
* Additions
	+ The following members were voted in as new General Committee members:
		- Will Clark
		- Ian Harmer
		- Philip Ramos
		- Matthew Woods
		
Meeting closed at 6:36pm
------------------------