CASSA General Meeting 2016/03/01
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + Mathew Atistei - Vice President
    + William Termini - Treasurer
    + Tyson Mcelroy - Secretary
    + Dan Trayger - Asset Manager
    + Tyson Mcelroy - Academic Co-ordinator
    + Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
    + Damion Brown - Tech Admin
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
* Student representatives 
    + Caiden - Burkett 
    + Dan - 2nd year representative
    + Ashley Woodis-Field - Post-grad representative

Absentees
---------
    + Sam Reid - 3rd year representative


Vote for new OCMs
-----------------
* Luke Mercuri
    + 7 yes votes
    + 0 no votes
    + 1 abstain
    + Voted in 
* Jacob Champman
    + 10 yes votes
    + 0 no votes
    + 1 abstain
Vote for new Employment advisor
-------------------------------
* Adam Nygate
    + 10 yes votes 
    + 0 no votes
    + 2 abstain votes 
Financial summary 
-----------------
* Our new student social event cost $190. 
    + We still have a large amount of stock. 
    + our current balance is $1,552.74.
    + Next semester we will be gaining $3000 from the guild when we become a student club. 
    + We cannot sell out products until we have a dedicated space.


Vote to open UniBank account 
----------------------------
* We have an idea to open an alternate bank account with UniBank.
    + Having a UniBank card will make our purchases easier.
    + We intend to only have one card, which will be the treasurers responsibility. 
    + The primary account holder is William Termini, co-signer is David Maxwell.
* vote for UniBank account. 
    + 14 yes votes
    + 0 no votes 
    + 0 abstain 
    + Yes for the UniBank account. 

MegaLan 2016.1
--------------
* We are currently planning the host the Megalan in the library. 
* The biggest issue right now is the power usage.
    + We currently need a power map to know what we need for power usage. 
    + The library staff stated that the power in the library should support the Megalan.
    + We need to know our expected attendees for the power usage.
* We need a dedicated person to organize our tournaments.
* An idea was to have one main tournament per night. 
* An idea for charging by power rates was brought up. 
    + No conclusion was come to, but it is a topic for further discussion. 
    + If we need to conserve power usage, a restriction may need to be placed.
* An 18+ area idea was brought up. 
* The 10GB networking would be in the VIP area. 
* We may attempt to get a PLE sponsorship for the event for prizes. 
* We may use some form of proof of membership for cassa, example stickers or cards. 
* A security idea for identification of equipment was brought up.
    + We should use stickers etc for attendees to tag their equipment.
* The torrenting issue was brought up. 
    + A terms of agreement could be set up. 
    + This could be signed by the attendees on purchase of the ticket.
* We could have additional costs for the users power usage.
    + For example if the attendee requires excessive power usage, additional costs may apply. 


Severs 
------
* Our current server are in the Makerspace.
    + We are currently waiting to place these into the server rack.
* An idea to run game servers was brought up
    + The usage must be for academic reasons. 

Next student social (end or mid semester)
-----------------------------------------
* Our first year social was successful 
* The next social event was discussed
    + This will take place in order to use up our excessive stock. 
* We need to reduce our budget for these events, due to us buying too many drinks at the last social. 

Student kitchen 
---------------
* We need to ask Andrew about obtaining the post-grad kitchen 
    + We can use this space to sell our drinks and store our drinks/food. 
* Vote for requesting the post-grad kitchen 
    * yes votes 
    * no votes
    * abstain votes
* Adam's fridge needs to be obtained by the 30th of march. 

Bookings 
--------
* Bookings can now be undertaken by the guild.
* We can host weekly game social 
* ICSA, the new club covers a lot of the same events as we do. 
    + we need to have contact with other clubs to see if they are hosting similar events. 