CASSA General Meeting 18/10/2016
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members

* Members
	* Adrian

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
	* Ashley Woodis-Field - Presidential Advisor
	* Gareth Clarson - Tech Committee (Chair)
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Tobias Needs - Tech Support
	* William Termini - Tech Team 
	* Damion Brown - Tech Team 
	* Caine Bubb - Tech Team 
	* Justin Homsi - Tech Team 
	* Mathew Burr - Tech Team 
	* Matthew Offrings - Tech Team
	* Roger Harrison - Tech Team 
	* Scott Trippins - Tech Team 
	* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
	* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team
	* Marko Vasev - Social Team
	* Alex Green - Social Team

Megalan
---------
* Megalan is going to be booked soon
* We are just waiting for the booking forms
* Alex Green has opened the event page
* IT is going to see what ports they can open
* Non-students might have trouble connecting to the network, we are working on it

EOS
-----
* We have the ECU tavern for the 25th of November
* We have the venue from 5pm till midnight
* If we get 80 people, venue hire is free
* Tavern rent is $350 
* It will be private event so we will need to fill it
* $500 is the allocated budget
* $150 for drinks / pizza / snacks
* Engineering club would like to promote the event through engineering
* $5 entry fee for CASSA or Engineering, $10 for others (Cash)
* We will decide who will be selling tickets, 
* Jugs will be on tables, pizza and snacks will be provided

Couch
--------
* Matt did not move the couch yet

AGM planning
-----------
* 3pm 25th of November
* Location will most likely be building 18 level 3 meeting room
* We have several people lined up for key roles, all roles will be open for volunteers
* The 2 main roles that don't have a confirmed volunteer are president and vice president

constitution fixed?
--------------
* nope
* We need to locate all grammatical errors

We were granted reimbursements
-----------------------
* The final social council has passed
* We were granted $985 approved

Locksports tied up
----------------
* Final event was run last week
* It was a competition that had 8 people enter
* The prize given a padlock and $30


Future meetings
--------------
* AGM 3pm on the 25th of November
