CASSA Executive Meeting 20/09/2016
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
	* Ashley Woodis-Field - Presidential Advisor
	* Gareth Clarson - Tech Committee (Chair)
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Tobias Needs - Tech Support
	* William Termini - Tech Team 
	* Damion Brown - Tech Team 
	* Caine Bubb - Tech Team 
	* Justin Homsi - Tech Team 
	* Mathew Burr - Tech Team 
	* Matthew Offrings - Tech Team
	* Roger Harrison - Tech Team 
	* Scott Trippins - Tech Team 
	* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
	* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team
	* Marko Vasev - Social Team
	* Alex Green - Social Team

Helpdesk, member incident
----------------------
* A member invited himself into the helpdesk
* Tried to take over the computer and was being rude to an executive committee member who was using the PC, and being disrespectful
* He was then asked to leave the area and after 5 minutes he walked away so we put up the barrier
* Came back and stepped over the barrier, without permission and was then asked to please leave the area again
* Refused to leave the area for 10 minutes
* Invited another person into the area after and took down the barrier. This second person was told by an executive committee member that we were too busy
* With now 4 people at the area, still being asked to leave he refused and said in a disrespectful manner we had to no power to remove him and the president would agree with him
* President had to be contacted over the phone for 5 minutes to explain what was going on, the member was still refusing to leave
* The President had to speak to the member on the phone 
* Only after talking to the President on the phone did the member leave, but stated the President told him he was able to be there
* Incident was witnessed by another member
* President statement is that the helpdesk responsibilities and code of conduct cover this sort of behaviour.
* Executive committee members do have the power to remove people from the helpdesk area
* The members involved shall be brought into a room to discuss the issue with presidential supervision at a later date

ML13 Remove Assets
--------------------------
* We've been asked by the school to move our old assets out of the ML13 store room.
* We have a fridge and some other things in there.
* Also, Mat said that he's able to take the couch in the old clubroom off our hands.
* We will vote on this at the next meeting
* Everything has been moved into the clubroom for now

The Purge
-----------
* Our constitution has been updated to make it so the attendance of subcommittee members will be the responsibilities of the subcommittee chair
* These changes are being voted on at the next meeting
* The executive committee members who have not been attending will be emailed by the president to attend in future or provide apologies

Gareth Stepping down
------------------
* Although he was officially never voted in, Gareth had been acting as tech admin after Damion left
* He has now stepped down from this role
* Officially Damion is still acting tech admin as of right now
* We need to be more active with recruiting for positions in the future

AGM
----
* President would like to organise the AGM a few months in advance
* President would like to start advertising the positions openly and introduce an open nomination system for the roles that will be voted on at the AGM
* Overall opinion is it is a good idea, will improve the transition ready for the AGM and the next group of members to take over control of the club once the current president leaves

Action Items
----------------------
* Organise AGM (President)
* Email absent executive committee members (President)
* Organise meeting between Elliot and Adam Foster (President)

Last week’s incomplete action items
------------------------
* Tech admin to determine a password management system (Tech Admin)
* Pres and tech admin to develop rules and regulations for megalan (President and Tech admin)
* Create a financial summary of all cash assets and the NAB (Treasurer)
* Treasurer to create a policy for spending money from the PayPal for reimbursements (Treasurer)
* Double check if we removed Matt and Will from the bank (President and treasurer)
* Treasurer to create a financial report (Treasurer)
* Develop a payment system for purchases in general (Tech admin and Treasurer)
* Sam Reid to look into active recruitment for CASSA (Representative Committee Chair)

Absent Members absent since 09/08/2016
--------------------------------------
Executive Committee
* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)

Subcommittee Members
* Caine Bubb - Tech Team
* Justin Homsi - Tech Team
* Mathew Burr - Tech Team
* Matthew Offrings - Tech Team
* Roger Harrison - Tech Team
* Scott Trippins - Tech Team
* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team

Future meetings
--------------
* Every 2 weeks, 4:30 Tuesday
