CASSA General Meeting 2016/02/05
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + Mathew Atistei - Vice President
    + William Termini - Treasurer
    + Tyson Mcelroy - Secretary
    + Dan Trayger - Asset Manager
    + Tyson Mcelroy - Academic Co-ordinator
    + Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
    + Damion Brown - Tech Admin
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
* Student representatives 
    + Caiden - Burkett 
    + Dan - 2nd year representative
    + Sam Reid - 3rd year representative
    + Ashley Woodis-Field - Post-grad representative

Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
* Student representatives 
    + Caiden - Burkett 

Global Game Jam
---------------
* Game jam was successful despite the lack of CASSA attendees 
	+ Use of ECU Internet
		- Incident at the game jam regarding torrenting
		- A warning about the use of ECU internet at events 
		- Further actions may need to be taken at future events 

Storage arrangements
--------------------
* Office has been removed 
* We still have access to the clubroom, but construction is taking place in that area. Will be available February 14th
	+ The tech equipment is currently at Damion's (tech admins) house 
	+ Clubroom pc at the makerspace (JO)

Destroying the CASSA box
------------------------
* Everything on the box is being deleted
* There is a temporary digital ocean droplet that is being used
* Shell accounts to the box need to be distributed 
* New image should be ready before everything on the box is deleted 
* CASSA host box
	+ CASSA host box, used for hosting game servers 
	
Purchase of blue yeti microphone 
--------------------------------
* $160 from amazon, used for workshops and podcasts that we put on soundcloud
* Vote for the purchase of blue yeti 
	+ 7 yes votes 
	+ 0 No votes 
	+ 2 abstain votes
* The committee has decided to purchase the blue yeti mic 

Clubroom
--------
* We currently have no official space 
* Alternative space suggestions 
	+ Makerspace
		- We have the makerspace room that is potentially available for an academic pseudo clubroom
	+ Post-grad kitchen 
		- We should run the idea for using the post-grade kitchen for selling drinks 
	+ Help desk
		- Andrew is currently planning to grant use the building 18 2nd floor help desk 
		- Really good exposure for CASSA, people doing it get work experience 
	+ Student lounge
		- We could potentially have the student lounge 
		- We can't control access to the lounge 

O-day, Monday the 15th
---------------------- 
* 2-3 people to each booth with a 3D printer 
* Directing people to the makerspace
* Induction presentation still being made 
* Current academic events planned
	+ Linux workshop 
	+ Lock picking workshop 
	+ General workshop 
	+ Podcast 
	+ Provide tech services (shell support) 
	+ Run makerspace 
	+ Run help desk

Future social events 
--------------------
* There is an incentive to perform more social events once more people at JO know about CASSA
* A weekly social event should occur, an idea was brought up for half priced food and drink for 
members
* Send the details to Alex for the purpose of organizing the social events
* A time and day needs to organized for the social events 

School of Science
-----------------
* CASSA is being restructured because of the new school of science
	+ CASSA is no longer a school club 
	+ The new school club needs to cover the entirety of the school of science 
* There is likely to be another club over CASSA due to the new school 
* If CASSA were to cover the entire school of science, new roles would need to cover the natural sciences division of the school of science 
* Should we control the entire school of science, we would be granted greater funding, as well as more control over more parts of the school. 
* Every year 100 students need to sign a form for CASSA membership 
* We currently need representatives for the undergraduate studies department 
* We currently need more information about the structure of the school of science, and the new SOSS club. 

CASSA funding for the makerspace
--------------------------------
* An idea to get additional funding for the makerspace was established 

Coder-dojo
----------
* There is a new coder-dojo that is hosted in JO Monday 11th of April
* We need volunteers when the time comes. 

Future meetings
---------------
* For meeting we should have in person once a month, and every fortnight on online. 
* First year beers event still needs to be booked
