CASSA General Meeting 04/10/2016
================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary
	* Ashley Woodis-Field - Presidential Advisor
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Taylor Spinks - Tech Team
	* Alex Green - Social Team
* Members
	* Adam Foster
* Apologies
	* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
	* Adam Nygate - Vice President
	* Gareth Clarson - Tech Committee (Chair)
	
Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Tobias Needs - Tech Support
	* William Termini - Tech Team 
	* Damion Brown - Tech Team 
	* Caine Bubb - Tech Team 
	* Justin Homsi - Tech Team 
	* Mathew Burr - Tech Team 
	* Matthew Offrings - Tech Team
	* Roger Harrison - Tech Team 
	* Scott Trippins - Tech Team 
	* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team
	* Marko Vasev - Social Team

Megalan
-----------
* Not in the library
* Power will cost $220
* Proposed $150-200 for food and drinks
* Will be dependant on the date of the EOS
* Port list for ECU IT still needs to be made and given to ECU IT
* Megalan room can be booked by president once date is finalised
* Budget summary will be sent to treasurer
* Suggested we keep the date the 25th - 27th
* Vote for megalan to be locked into the 26th - 27th
	* Yes votes: 8

EOS
------
* Trying to see if we can host the EOS at the tavern
* ECU Campus room is an option
* We might look for an external venue
	* We would prefer it to be a private venue
* Could do it in the city
* Might be able to do it at the Mt Lawley dance hall
	* Could be difficult for members to get there, would put people off
* Elliot has offered to bring music speakers and DJ equipment
	* No one is to mess with this equipment without permission, a table could be provided with no touching signs
* Guild has stated they may not pay for alcohol
	* Reimbursements will not come till next year
* Date is yet to be confirmed, but it should be soon after the exam
* Proposed we try to develop an attendance list for the event
	* Plus ones would should be by RSVP

Tag and Testing
---------------
* David was told 6 months ago that the helpdesk does not have any of our equipment tagged and tested
* We will need to get a written quote for testing
* We will check ECU's requirements for testing standards
* Committee agrees it would be best to get everything tested
	* Yes: 8

Warcraft 3 Night
---------------
* Went well, had 15 people
* The Dominos in Joondalup has messed up our order 3 times now
* Suggested we start doing a "Friday Night gaming", possibly for next semester
* Some technical kinks with the CASSA loader should be ironed out to make it go smoother
	* We had to result to passing the game around on a USB
	* Game files should be kept up to date in future
* Suggested we put a poll on the Facebook for games we should add to the loader

Mt Lawley Couch
--------------
* Matt wants the couch from the clubroom we can't keep anymore
* Matt has offered to take it off our hands
* He will move it and transport it
* Votes Yes: 7, 1 abstained

AGM Planning
-----------
* Suggested we set it to 3:30 or 4, pizza will be at 5:30 and then we will move to the EOS
* We need to start preparing members to fill certain roles
* If anyone is interested in filling these club roles then please contact the President
* President and Vice President role will be opening up, all roles can be applied for

Helpdesk Restocking
------------------
* We need to develop a more regular schedule for restocking snacks and drinks
* We now sell coffee at the helpdesk
* Milk and coffee pods will now be a regular restocking item
* Suggested we get single serve milk packets
* We need a more solid price list, and more consistent stocks
	* Any chips / chocolate = $1
	* Any soft drink = $1
	* Any energy drink = $2.50
	* Coffee = $1
* We can look into getting deliveries from Coles
* Look into contacting Coles management for some kind of 'sponsorship' or regular discounts for consistent purchases

Final Social council
--------------------
* On the 11/10/16
* We are asking for about $1005
* We need to submit an updated member list to the guild for our budget
* We should send out an email to all of our members to re-signup on our site
* We will need to work on our member list system in future 

Constitution Changes
-------------------
* Changed quorum for meetings other than AGM to equal half the amount of executive committee members
* Changes made to the meeting attendance requirements
* Adjusted a lot of wording to improve overall quality and applicability of the constitution
* Member registration data is now a requirement for membership records
* Vote not called, changes need to be made to the grammar



Future meetings
--------------
* Every 2 weeks, 4:30 Tuesday
