CASSA End of Semester Meeting 25/11/2016
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary

	* Gareth Clarson - Tech Committee (Chair)
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)

* Subcommittee Members

	* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
	* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team

* Members
	* Tyson Gregory
	* Adam Foster

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair) 
		* Ashley Woodis-Field - Presidential Advisor 
* Subcommittee Members
	* Tobias Needs - Tech Support 
	* William Termini - Tech Team 
	* Damion Brown - Tech Team 
	* Marko Vasev - Social Team 
	* Alex Green - Social Team 
	* Taylor Spinks - Tech Team 

Presidential Report
---------------
* "CASSA is going to die without a clubroom" - 2015
* The club has changed a lot this year
* We moved to Joondalup, made changes to the committee
* We now manage a helpdesk, that has had its ups and downs
* Three key parts of CASSA
* Academia
	* 
	* Lrn2Linux run by Damion, great turnouts, staff were keen and essential to be hosted in future
	* Locksports run by Elliot and Dan, good turnouts and had good staff backing, and got good sponsor relations
	* Locksports ran a workshop for a running unit
	* Early semester 1 Tyson ran some tutoring workshops with few people
	* Tyson, Elliot and Adam would like to keep running Academia next semester
* Tech
	* Damion has been running tech well
	* Moved to the cloud due to losing CASSAVM1, moved to digital ocean and now host hatch
	* We have 3 physical servers waiting to be used
	* Thanks to all who donated equipment, rack server (Damion), GPU and hypervisor (Adam), mouse (Toby, keyboard (Marko)
	* We purchased a new helpdesk PC and case
	* Website has been changed for the 7th time, we are back at WordPress
	* We are not wanting to changed it again hopefully
	* We have recovered a lot of document
		* Tyson converted the minutes to markdown
		* Recovered 2002-2007
		* Now missing 2008-2009
	* Helpdesk has been manned frequently (Sometimes to 4AM)
	* Students have come by with queries, laptop troubleshooting, linux support. We can handle a lot more, we should work on getting more students to come by
	* Interested people for next year: Dan, Gareth, Rayhab
* Social
	* Halo, AOE2 and Warcraft 3 MiniLAN, these had great turnouts
	* MegaLAN coming up tomorrow, expecting a large turnout.
		* Joondalup room isn't as nice as ML room
		* We have been able to work with ECU IT to get internet access for the event
		* Would be nice to get the library in future
	* New student social went well this semester
		* Recruited several new members
		* First semester was smaller
		* Second semester has incidents, less alcohol and time should be allocated in future
	* Lots of ideas for new events next semester
	* EOS Party this semester has the tavern booked
	* Interested people for next year: Matthew, Rayhad, Caiden
	
Treasurer Report
---------------
* Dan has done a great job this semester on recording on spending records
* We currently have 222.40 in cash
* We have spent 3865.30 total this semester including money that was reimburse and fundraised
	* All our financial records will be published to the github
* Guild has given us $900 this semester
* Started this semester with 1,747.46
* Figures for final leftover value will be added once our final events are over
* A lot of our money has come from fundraising through drink sales at our helpdesk
	* Next semester we will work on locking the fridge more to prevent people from taking drinks without paying
	* Energy drinks sell the best, and security has a strong interest in our drinks and have made requests
	* Cash and Carry have the lowest prices on a regular basis. Coles and Woolworths had lower prices when they have discounts
* In future we should request cash in advance from the guild, instead of reimbursements
* We have now got a lot of infrastructure in place now, a lot of these purchases were one time purchases


Election of new roles
---------------
* President
	* Gareth Clarson
		* Yes votes = 8
		* No votes = 0
		* Abstain = 1

* VP
	* Dan Buzzard
		* Yes votes = 7
		* No votes = 0
		* Abstain = 2
	* Caiden 
		* Yes votes = 0
		* No votes = 0
		* Abstain = 0

* Treasurer
	* Taylor Spinks
		* Yes votes = 9
		* No votes = 1
		* Abstain = 1

* Secretary
	* Elliot Johnston
		* Yes votes = 8
		* No votes = 1
		* Abstain = 0

Election of sub committees
----------------------
* This will be done next semester

Future Meetings
---------------

Meeting over 4:07pm
-----
