CASSA General Meeting 09/08/2016
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary
* Subcommittee Chairs
	* Damion Brown - Tech Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Marko Vasev
	* Alex Green
	* William Termini
	* Ashley Woodis-Field
* Members
	* Toby Needs
	* Taylor Spinks
	* Tyson McElroy
	* Ezin Ezri
	* Gareth Clarson

Absentees
---------
* Subcommittee Chairs
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
* Subcommittee Members
	* Adam Foster
	* Caiden Burkett

Constitution
---------------
* Constitution has had a few updates since last invalid vote
	* Last constitution was made invalid due to not being declared to mailing list before vote
* Changes sent to mailing list 2 weeks ago
* Revisions required
	* 5.3
	* 6.3 - Keep date of joining
	* 22
	* 26.1
	* 27.2 Add comma
	* 28.2 

* Major Changes
	* Approval of transaction approval process revised
	* Entitled Membership added
		* Request to change to privileged, denied
	* Details of what needs recording in signup stated
	* Subcommittees major updates (Read for more details)
	* Claus for who can call general meetings
	* Voting rights given to alumni and entitled members
	* Online ballots are to close 7 days after being sent
	* Elections at EOS
	* Presidential Advisor can be filled by pass president / vice president
	* Subcommittee Chair updates (Read for more details)
	* Vote of dissent added
	* Vote of no confidence now added

* Vote on the new constitution
    + Yes votes - 12
    + No votes - 1
    + Abstain votes - 0
    + Successfully voted in

Server Space
------------
* We will be getting multiple server
* Invest in HDDs
* CASSA File Share
* Further server space 

Professionalism (Code of Conduct)
----------------
* Subsection should be created for how we present ourselves in public
* Help desk noise
* Creation of code of conduct added to action items

File Management
---------------
* In addition to on site server we will have an offsite ArNet server
* Important documents will be backed ups
* Line straight from ECU so backups will fast
* Records in general
	* Current record is poor
	* Polices will be created to create better records for future incorporation
	* Membership 
* Date retention policy will be developed by tech admin
* Membership records
	* Secretary will be responsible for records
* Finances in general
	* Treasurer will develop a finance policy on the creation of a ledger for CASSA funds

Advertisement
-------------
* Facebook not public enough
* Mailing list far to closed
* We need to develop a better system for advertisement of events

Action Items
------------
* Add Adam Nygate to Uni bank
* Get Dan Buzzard a bank card
* Remove Matt and Will from the bank
* Create code of conduct (Secretary)
* Define responsibilities of person at helpdesk (Secretary)
* Develop a payment system for purchases in general (Tech admin and treasurer)
* Sam Reid to look into active recruitment for CASSA (Representative Committee Chair)
* Develop a process for CASSA signups (Secretary and Tech Admin)
* Provision Revisions (President and Vice President)
* Look into Business card for the NAB (Treasurer)

Meeting ended 5:36
------------------

Future meetings
--------------
* Every 2 weeks, 4:30 Tuesday
