CASSA General Meeting 23/08/2016
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary
* Subcommittee Members
	* William Termini - Tech Team 
	* Adam Foster - Tech Team
	* Damion Brown - Tech Team
* Members
	* Maximiliano

Absentees
---------
* Executive committee
	* Mathew Atisei - Social Committee (Chair)
	* Sam Reid - Representative Committee (Chair)
	* Gareth Clarson - Tech Committee (Chair)
	* Ashley Woodis-Field - Presidential Advisor
* Subcommittee Members
	* Tobias Needs - Tech Support
	* Caine Bubb - Tech Team 
	* Justin Homsi - Tech Team 
	* Mathew Burr - Tech Team 
	* Matthew Offrings - Tech Team
	* Roger Harrison - Tech Team 
	* Scott Trippins - Tech Team 
	* Caiden Burkett - Social Team
	* Rayhab Mokoto - Social Team
	* Marko Vasev - Social Team
	* Alex Green - Social Team

Passing the Code of Conduct
-----------------
* Code of code added to the GitHub
* 8 votes yes, passed

Passing the Helpdesk Responsibilities
------------------------
* Helpdesk responsibilities added to the GitHub
* 8 votes yes, passed

Domain Incident
----------------
* A member created a domain likely to cause offense
* Whois information included another members phone number, and a cassa email address
* Official warning to said member issued by president
* Said member is apologetic and feels he should have been notified prior to it being raised in the meeting


Financial Report
-------------------
* Financial Report x10?
* Incomplete, added to action items

Reimbursement approvals 
-------------------
* Adam Foster to be reimbursed $59 for PC case, approved
* Adam Nygate to be reimbursed $400 for a computer, approved
* Taylor Spinks to be reimbursed for energy drinks, approved

Motion to remove Unibank account
-------------------
* Original reason for switch was online presence and credit card
* This was to reduce travel back and forth from the bank
* Unibank has to be dealt with in person, Unibank representative is difficult to reach
* Suggested we contact them to make things easier for us to manage online
* Suggested we keep NAB bank and use a PayPal for our purchases
* Suggested we get a store and go credit card for small purchases
* Unibank will be closed
* New system is members will be reimbursed through PayPal directly from the NAB

Future meetings
--------------
* Every 2 weeks, 4:30 Tuesday

Action Items
----------
* Treasurer to look into a better cash storage (Treasurer)
* President to look into closing the Unibank (President)
* Create a financial summary of all cash assets and the NAB (Treasurer)
* Treasurer to create a policy for spending money from the paypal for reimbursements (Treasurer)
* President and treasurer to sort out cash reimbursements (Presidet and Treasurer)
* Revision for terminology in the code of conduct / responsibilities for help desk (Secretary)
* Remove Matt and Will from the bank (President and treasurer)
* Secretary to follow up on last weeks action items (Secretary)
* Treasurer to create a financial report (Treasurer)
* Member to be warned through email by President (President)


Incomplete Actions
--------
* Add Adam Nygate to Uni bank (President)
* Get Dan Buzzard a bank card (President)
* Remove Matt and Will from the bank (President)
* Develop a payment system for purchases in general (Tech admin and Treasurer)
* Sam Reid to look into active recruitment for CASSA (Representative Committee Chair)
* Provision Revisions (President and Vice President)
* Look into Business card for the NAB (Treasurer)
