CASSA Mumble Meeting 2016/01/15
===============================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + William Termini - Treasurer
    + Tyson Mcelroy - Secretary, Academic Co-ordinator
    + Damion Brown - Tech Admin
* Student representatives 
    + Dan - 2nd year representative

Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + Mathew Atistei - Vice President
    + Dan Trayger - Asset Manager
    + Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
* Student representatives 
    + Caiden - Burkett 
    + Sam Reid - 3rd year representative
    + Ashley Woodis-Field - Post-grad representative

Current status of our storage room 
----------------------------------
* Our storage room was emptied recently
* The storage room door was broken
	+ Greg put all our equipment in the storeroom, 
	+ Will volunteered for the pack up
	+ The door has now been fixed

Global Game Jam
---------------
* David needs to get Greg or Brett to sign the forms. We plan to have this submitted by the 18th. 
* David still needs to do the drink run
* We need to get ice for the gameJam possibly 

Megalan 
-------
* An idea was established for a LAN in the mid semester LAN, this will have to be at Joondalup however 
* A date for the end of semester LAN was set on the 24th june 
* 25th November for the semester 2 LAN 

General notices 
---------------
* None of the RF LAN events are interfering with our events. 
* The guild affiliation form is submitted 
* We currently may have a clubroom in the engineering building, but we havenâ€™t been allocated it yet, due to the fact that we need a clubroom in the computing building. 
* We still need to rebuild the redmine   
* The constitution will be re-written by the time the pre-semester megalan comes around. 
* David is handling the booking for the first year events since Alex is unavailable 