CASSA Meeting with Trish 2016/04/20
===================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + Dan Traeger - Asset Manager
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
* ECU Staff
    + Trish William - Associate Dean of Science(Technology)

Introduction
------------
* Talked about Student Social and other events in the school
* Explained the major attendance of Learn to Linux for the school
* Explained about Help Desk and Andrews plan for IT interrogation

Help Desk
---------
* Talked about the CASSA Sales of foodstuff.
    + Trish will talk to Phil to the information of sales of foodstuff in ECU.
    + Check OHS for Kettle


Social Space
------------
* Talked about the Student Social Space.
* Talked of the Student using building 18 Floor 1 students.
* Talked of an actual social space in building 18 on Floor 1.
    + Explained for the Letter to the VC.
    + Trish will look into what spaces are available and the information on the Carriers and Guidance room.
    + Send reasons to Trish of the benefits of the sudent social space.
    + Talked about the benefits of a student social space
        - Student retention for Undergrad to Postgrad
        - Student Support for there Undergraduate Degree

MegaLAN
-------
MegaLAN
* Talked of the Move of MegaLAN to JO Campus.
    + Talked of the move to the Library of ECU.
    + Talked of the power requirements for ECU Library.
    + The Options for MegaLAN in ECU have been explained.
    + 3-Phase is required for the MegaLAN power.
    + Feasibility study must be done for ECU to allow us to build the system, requires staff initiation and sign off.
    + Trish asked of the movement of the venue for the event.
        - Explained the issues with alternate areas for the event.
        - Drew to the conclusion that the venue should be Library.
	+ Talked about the timeframe of the build procedure.
	+ Talked of the expansion of MegaLAN at ECU.
	+ Aiming for 4 3-phase outlet installed in the ground floor.
	+ To ask Greg Baatard to start the feasibility study and to be backed by Trish.
	+ Getting floorplan for Paul and CC to Trish.
* MegaLANs draw for future students explained.
    + Students from High Schools is talked about.
        - Talk to marketing at ECU for that.
* Talked about sponsorship for the event from Commercial Businesses outside the university.

Changes to CASSA
----------------
* Asking for Opinion on the updates for CASSA Constitution.
    + Agreed to the idea of updating the structure of CASSA.
    + Trish will send us other volunteer constitutions that already exist.
* School dose not mind of the changes to the constitution, Trish volunteered to review the constitution.	
* Add Trish to the Mailing List for CASSA.

