CASSA General Meeting 2016/04/26
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + Mathew Atistei - Vice President
    + Tyson McElroy - Secretary, Academic Co-ordinator
    + Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
	+ Adam Nygate - Employment Advisor
* Student representatives 
    + Dan - 2nd year representative
    + Ashley Woodis-Field - Post-grad representative

Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + William Termini - Treasurer
    + Damion Brown - Tech Admin
    + Jacob Champman - OCM
    + Dan Trayger - Asset Manager
* Student representatives 
    + Caiden Burkett - 1st year representative 
    + Sam Reid - 3rd year representative

Logo redesign + shirts
----------------------
* Mesh is willing to provide us T-shits for $45+
    + Pricing scheme for additional shirts will be provided after the initial payment
* A logo redesign was mentioned for the new shirts 
    + The idea to remove the text around the symbol was brought up
    + This was only brought up for discussion 
    + No vote will take place yet 
* There is an issue with the copyright with the Pacman logo 
    + if we are going to be printing these on T-shirts, this issue needs to be addressed
* We need a graphics designer for the new logo
    + Possibly hold a competition for people to design a new logo
        - We need to establish prizes for the new logo 

Constitution progress
---------------------
* No sub-committee information has been written into the constitution 
* How we vote people into the new committee structure is being discussed
    + The main executive committee structure will have control over the sub-committee members
* A form with the current progress will be sent to members in 2 weeks
* A maximum of 2 sub-committees for members 
* The whole school will be portrayed in the constitution 

Open Day
--------
* We get an additional booth this semesters open day
* The both will contain 
    + Hacking demo
    + Lockpicking
    + 2 TVs 
    + Games played 
* A tournement will be held at the booth 
    + We need a few games being played 
    + Bishi-Bashi was chosen as the game to be played

MegaLAN progress
----------------
* Dan is getting the university to purchase 3 phase power outlets
* Another plan is being set up if we can't get the library 
    + The room that was being used for last megalan could be used 
    + The maximum amount of people will have to be 40 people 
    + Limitations will need to set with the power usage
* We have a significant amount of guild money left over
    + We could invert in better prizes for the megalan
* Additional network policies need to be established 
    + We must monitor network traffic to detect any torrenting 
* No NSFW content is to be on the individuals PCs 
    + We should notify the individuals to change the content on their desktop if it is NSFW
* If we get the library space, additional VIP tickets can be sold
    + This will be done to handle bigger desktops and additional monitors

Games night
-----------
* Age of Empires 2 night
    + A choice between the 29th of April or the 6th of May
    + 6th of May was chosen
    + 4:30 - 10:30 

EoS party
---------
* The undergraduate studies department has volunteered to fund the EOS
* This will officially be a school of science event 
* Since David has become a representative of the undergraduate program, he will be organising the process
* It will officially need to be called the School of Science EOS

UniBank progress
----------------
* We officially have an account 
* One of out cards has been lost 
    + It is getting replaced 
* The guild money will be transferred to the uni-bank account 
* The roles who will be receiving a card 
    + president 
    + treasurer 
    + asset manager 

Cassa credits
-------------
* No progress has been made 

Bank West presentation
----------------------
* Jacob is not present, so nothing was discussed
* Adam brought up getting CASSA involved in a Westpac internship program
    + Additional details will be brought up at a later date

New TV for the help desk
------------------------
* A 50 inch TV is being offered to CASSA
    + The only requirement is that it is secure in the help desk 
    + The help desk needs to be secure with the roller door 
* The key for the help desk is getting made by security
    + It will take 2 weeks 

Election of new Academic coordinator
------------------------------------
* Nobody volunteered for the new role
* The role will need to remain vacant 

Reintroduction of the action plan 
---------------------------------
* The action plan is now being used to assign tasks to people
* The action plan will be incorporated into the minutes

Alex event ideas
----------------
* There will be a hacker movie night on the 29th of April 
* The Pokemon night is going to held when convenient for members
    + probably after exams

Meetings
--------
* The next meeting will be held in 2 weeks 
* The meetings will now be held every 2 weeks from now on

Meeting ended at 3:45PM

Action Plan
-----------
### David Maxwell
1. Action: Email Mesh regarding the new shirts
2. Action: Complete the draft constitution form
3. Continue work with the undergraduate studies department for organising the EOS
4. Book the Age of Empires 2 night 
5. Retrieve key for the new help desk

### William Termini
1. Action: Look into potential prizes for MegaLan
2. Action: Retrieve the backup card from unibank

### Tyson McElroy
1. Action: Write up the agenda for the next meeting, and book the next meeting 

### Dan Trayger
1. Action: Continue organising the 3-phase power for MegaLan

### Alex Green
1. Action: Host the Hacker movie night on the 29th 
2. Action: Book the Pokemon night 

