CASSA General Meeting 2016/03/29
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + David Maxwell - President
    + William Termini - Treasurer
    + Tyson McElroy - Secretary, Academic Co-ordinator
    + Damion Brown - Tech Admin
    + Adam Foster - Web Admin
	+ Jacob Champman - OCM
	+ Adam Nygate - Employment Advisor
* Student representatives 
    + Dan - 2nd year representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + Mathew Atistei - Vice President
    + Alex Green - Social Co-ordinator
    + Dan Trayger - Asset Manager
* Student representatives
    + Caiden Burkett - 1st year representative 
    + Sam Reid - 3rd year representative
    + Ashley Woodis-Field - Post-grad representative
	
Undergrad student space
-----------------------
* We are currently getting the guild to organise a letter to the vice chancellor to organize our student space

MegaLAN progress
----------------
* To our knowledge no progress has been made 
* Dan has previously brought up the need for a meeting to discuss power requirements 

Election of new Equity and Diversity position
---------------------------------------------
* Alexandra Helens
* Alexandra didn't show up to the meeting, so her election was delayed
* There has been some debate with how beneficial this role will be to CASSA
* The guild already has roles similar to this
    + If any student has issues with equality and diversity, they can go to the guild for support
* A vote was held to determine if we want to have the role 
    + 0 yes votes
    + 9 no votes
    + 2 abstain
* The vote was made that the role is not necessary

Communication channel issue
---------------------------
* There has been an ongoing discussion on the most viable communication platform for executives 
* We need to organize our communication channels and who are in them 

Progress on re-writing the constitution
----------------------------------------
* The constitution needs to be re-wrote
    + It will need to be done by the end of semester week 12 

Our current meeting schedule is interfering with cysca training 
---------------------------------------------------------------
* We need to discuss it later at a time convenient for everyone 

New weekly report system
------------------------
* There has been a lack of communication with certain members 
* We need to emphasise what people are working on 
* Email should be the main form for the communication between committee
* A vote for the use of email as a main committee communication was brought up
* We decided not to vote for this and instead just start doing it 
* We need bring back the action plan

UniBank account progress
------------------------
* All the forms have been submitted 
* Uni bank has received the forms today, we are just waiting at this point
* We are getting RSA tokens for the account 
* We are not keeping all of our money in the one uni-bank account 
    + The majority of our funds are going to be in our NAB account

Future Tavern event
-------------------
* Mat wasn't at the meeting, so we couldn't discuss the event further
* ICSA wishes to have a joint event with CASSA 

Bank West talk
--------------
* Jacob left the meeting early, so we couldn't discuss the event further 

CASSA credits 
-------------
* CASSA credits will be used as a benefits method for volunteering at the help desk
* We could use the cassa credits system for discounts for MegaLan
* We will discuss this further in future meetings

New TV for the help desk 
------------------------
* We currently have a TV being donated for the help desk 
* We will need to add some additional security for the help desk if we are to store it in the help desk 
    + We need to get access to the roller doors currently present at the help desk
    + We should have a camera present in the help desk 
        - This will likely be streaming activity in the helpdesk to check if anybody is present
* An idea for having a QR code for the help desk purchases 
* An issue was brought up by a committee that the help desk PC wasn't running Windows 
    + The majority of the committee didn't have any issue with it 

Election of new Academic coordinator role 
-----------------------------------------
* Tyson McElroy has stepped down from the current position 
* We are leaving the role empty for now, because nobody volunteered 

Social sub-committee 
--------------------
* We currently need a social sub-committee for our events 
* This will be organising certain social events for cassa