CASSA General Meeting 26/07/2016
================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee 
    * David Maxwell - President 
    * Adam Nygate - Vice President
    * Dan Buzzard - Treasurer
    * Elliot - Secretary

* Tech Committee
    * Adam Foster - Web admin
    * William Termini

Absentees
---------
* Executive Committee
   * Damion Brown
   * Mathew Aristei

Purchase of lock picks
---------------------
* Upcoming locksports workshops
* Running every fortnight for 6 sessions starting week 2
* Up to $500 proposed to be spent on the lockpicks
* Price based on $5 a head, for 20 people sessions (For first semester)
* Equipment lasts for years to come
* Proposition
    * $500 Total, $300 upfront. $200 extra if 2nd session has 75% retention from original session. Names must be recorded. 
    * Votes tally. 7 Votes yes.
* $300 Approved to be spent

Phone at helpdesk
-----------------
* We need Greg because of cost centre 
* School has to pay for phone to be installed
* Uses, we can make calls
* We will get a phone number

Meeting with Mike Johnstone
------------------------------
* Meeting Thursday 11:30.
* Talk about MegaLAN
* Ask about meeting room in building 18
* Ask for staff kitchen access after-hours for sundowners
* CASSA Facade
* Adam and David attending

Constitution and incorporating
--------------------------------
* Issue with last constitution, not instated
* Dan does not give a fuck that the new one was not instated
* **EGM Called to vote on the new constitution, 9th of August (Room TBD)**
* Email to be sent to the members giving out draft of new constitution
* David wants to incorporate
* We don't have enough records, and we would not be liable. We could be indicted
* We should wait another 5 years at least and work on record keeping for years to come for future.

PLUG event
-----------
* Need to sort out booking and security by end of the week
* Event to be advertised
* AV Equipment

Theft at the Open Day
------------------
* Lockpicks got stolen
* About $161 was stolen
* Future events need to be better manned
* Need better setup and security
* Setup needs to be better protected
* Anytime CASSA has valuables that could be stolen, we should be in a place with security
* We should develop an easy to deploy security camera

MegaLAN recap
-------------
* No major incidents
* Total member count to be gotten from Alex
* Member who bought a VR headset had massive interest
* We should setup a CASSA tab system to make food purchase easier

HTC Vive Demo
-------------
* Want to setup HTC Vive demo event
* Software makerspace might be best solution
* Top floor of building 18 draws attention to makerspace
* We can easily advertise
* We need to find a better way to get a better flow of traffic to the event
* Proposed we borrow ECU researches HTC Vive
* Proposed we should try tack onto other events to capitalise on traffic
* Proposed we could use the room next to the tavern, must be discussed further
    * Library might be a good option as well

Future meetings
--------------
* Every 2 weeks, 4:30 Tuesday.
