CASSA Executive Meeting 30/01/2020
====================================
Attendance
----------
* Executive Committee 
    * Matt Giovinazzo - President
    * Sriharsha Devalpally – Vice President
    * Jordan Davies – Treasurer
    * Jack Nelson – Tech Admin
    * Janae Weiss – Social Committee
    * Niall Navin – Events Coordinator

Absentees
----------
* Executive Committee
    * Georgia Maher – Secretary 
    * Kenneth Tan – Co events coordinator

Meeting was conducted over official CASSA discord voice channel

Topics Discussed
----------------
    * CASSA Social/Networking Event:
        * Event will be conducted on the 6th of March
        * KPMG recruitments will be attendance
        * We have decided where the event will take place:
            * Possibly in room 211 in building 18
            * We decided not to conduct it in the New Cyber training facilities due to the amount of equipment present
            * 30 to 40 people (including ECU faculty will be present)
        * Food and Catering 
            * We have decided that Bermuda is too expensive (over $800) so we will purchase food and drink from Woolworths.
                * We realised that we can purchase platters from Woolworths with Vegetarian and Non vegetarian food options for attendees.
                * Sri has decided to create a quote for this.
    * The Guild Fair:
        * We have decided to book a tent for the day. Sri has filled out the formstack to do so. 
        * We will be giving out CASSA stickers
        * We have chosen NOT to sell the CASSA branded shirts
        * We have also decided that purchasing any additional merchandise such as t-shirts, pens is also wasteful of resources. 

    * Status of tech
        * A new membership system has been implemented by Jack Nelson (Tech Admin)
        * New members will need to register via the CASSA website. 
        * Website has undergone a design overhaul. 
        * We are yet to decide on what platform we will use to allow members to register for events (EventBrite, Meetups, etc.)
        * We have officially merged the native CASSA discord Sever to the ECS Discord Server as there is a significant overlap in the number of students in both servers. Channels have been created by the ECS Admins to accommodate CASSA activities within their server. An official shutdown message has been announced and all CASSA discord links have been updated on the website.
        * The QR codes need to be re-created though.

    * Upcoming Events
        * Learn to Linux events should be running this semester
            * Niall Navin (events coordinator) will organise
        * Mini Lan – Halo Night, Movie Night 
            * Jack nelson (tech admin) will continue diagnosing issues with Halo CE on the CASSA game launcher as multiplayer is not working and depending on the status of this, determines whether or not, this event will run.
            * Movie night may run depending upon popularity.
