CASSA General Meeting 2012/04/21
================================
Commenced 4.30pm at JO Library
------------------------------

JO Clubroom:
------------
* CASSA really want a Joondalup presence.
* Talking to Ken – sorting out details for a clubroom.

SSA Funds:
----------
* Glenda Jackson (Director of Student Services) – CASSA need to speak to her about it.
* Guild hasn't gotten back to CASSA, seems to be the best point of contact with them.

Events:
-------
* More events suggested.
* JO Events

Movie nights?
------------- 
* What movies..?
	+ Tarantino

MiniLAN
-------
* Diablo 3 as a group
* ME3

FAL Runs:
---------
* Roster not being followed
	+ New roster
	+ On wiki
	+ Incentives for those on run
	+ Add more than just drivers to the list, so people will help them out.
	+ Lewis will complete the last FAL run
	+ Trouble forming roster as no one wants to go
	+ Create a list of things people will need.

Clubroom stuff:
---------------
* Alexandra in charge
* Screen needs to be attached again
* IRC setup change
* How to attract more students to the room, especially passer-by. A lot of people have not heard of CASSAeven though they pass the room everyday
* Noise. Keyholder must control the noise.

EOS:
----
* Paddington Ale House has been selected as the location of the EOS party as it was a success last time.
* Buying things:
	+ Don't need to buy another screen, as we now have a second screen again
	+ Buy another switch (Ranz)

Wiki is down
------------
* Due to spam attack from bots the wiki is down
* Assigned to webmaster to fix.

Social Networking
-----------------
* Social Events Coordinator needs access to social networking accounts 
* Webmaster and members with access to pass details along.

Microsoft Surface
-----------------
* Curtain – getting first Microsoft tech lounge
* President has asked for a Microsoft Surface for CASSA, Microsoft will think about it.
* For CASSA to purchase own will cost about $5000, this could be raised through fundraising and a grant.
* Talks to the School of Computer Science to let them know about it and that it is an initiative from us and could be advantageous for the School.

LRN2LINUX
---------
* Lack of skills within CASSA and no one will put their hand up for the job.
* Run WHACK and LRNLINUX concurrently.

Joondalup Induction Day
-----------------------
* Try and get invited the Joondalup induction day, would be better if CASSA had a presence at Joondalup.

Meeting closed at 5:42pm
------------------------
