CASSA General Meeting 2012/03/22
================================
Meeting Opened - 5:44 pm on the 22th of March 2012
--------------------------------------------------
MegaLAN
-------
* 3 Phase Power needs to be booked – Alex
* Rooms for the MegaLAN have been booked.
* Social Events Coordinator (Alexander) needs to complete the risk assessment.
* Internet Port is still patched.
* Routing box still needed – Greg will organize.
* Extension Cables still needed - 3 phase and regular.
* 50 metre Power Cable – 3 Phase needed.
* Randal mentioned we need a WinDNS box.
* Still need 6 or 7 decent power cables.
* Bins and tables ordered. 
* Hot Cross Buns for members to eat
* Canteen – Pies, Pasties, Hot Dogs, Tea and Coffee.
	+ Food keeps people around – Consider it for the next LAN
	
LAN Tournaments
---------------
* Organisation of the tournaments need to be better
* Brett offered to help set up Guitar Hero
* Issues with the HDMI cables not reaching projectors, CASSA to buy long enough cables.
	+ Treasurer approves – Talk to Brett about the cables.
* Chocolate eggs for prizes for tournaments 

Sponsorship of the MegaLAN
--------------------------
* GameTraders – email been sent
* ChatterBox – someone to enquire
* When going into places about sponsorship ask if you can leave fliers
* Check the wiki for information about sponsorship – Alex
* Ask some of the computer stores – MSY,  Austin Computers
* Some online sponsors – PC Case Gear, Razer, Mwave – For next MegaLAN organise now.

LAN System
----------
* CASSA to create a proper map after this MegaLAN to give to the CASSA LMS group so it can be added into the system for seat booking and to give CASSA an idea how to set up every MegaLAN

MASN Discussion
---------------
* Rob got a reply from MASN and they want to have a meeting
	+ People who are interested in going:
		- Rob
		- Alexandra
		- Randal
		- Simon
		- Greg

* Reply to Exec list about meeting schedule 
* MASN wants joint projects a lot of MASN students need help with the basics of computing – run workshops

Workshops
---------
* CASSA isn’t running the workshops yet
* WHACK – ask Peter
* Lrn2Linux – CakeMan - maybe
* LOLgames – Jetha – Second Semester

JO Sausage Sizzle
-----------------
* The week of 16th – 20th of April – Thursday.

Key holders
-----------
* Not been showing up.
* Backup plan – If you can’t make it you need to find someone to talk over – Rey has offered to be a backup key holder; his number will be on the key holder roster.
* Rules need to be posted up as well.

Arcade Machine
--------------
* Jetha is dealing with it.
* Sides need to be lacquered.
* Computer inside need a bigger hard drive.

Meeting Closed 6:45pm
---------------------