CASSA General Meeting 2012/08/17
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Rob McKnight - President
	+ Alexandra Helens - Social Events Coordinator 
* General attendees 

* Student Representative 
	
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Simon Vin - Vice President
	+ Jason Basely - Web Admin
    + Luke Spartalis - Secretary
	+ Joshua Norris - Treasurer
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 	
* Student Representative 
	+ Daniel Walker - First year Representative
	+ Brandon Bastion â€“ Third Year Representative
* General attendees 

Social Events
-------------
* Alexandra delegating her duties for 2 weeks 14-29th september
* Shit needs to happen with more notice
* Mike to assume role of PR Rep for social events sub-committee
* Ken wants to fund 1 or 2 events for 1st years this semester. Budget for these is $2000
* Rob suggessts 1st year to spearhead the fisrt year event.

Consoles
--------
* Have we bought them yet?
* Who will go pick them up?
* How much did they cost?

Administrative Office
---------------------
* have key
* one key
* Office is in Rob's name
* Access Restricted
* Switched at gregs house should be moved to Office

Open Day
--------
* No more comms breakdown
* More advertising of CASSA/SCSS to increase visability
* Spot in underpass was awesome and much better than in tent/indoors
