CASSA General Meeting 2012/07/26
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Rob McKnight - President
    + Simon Vin - Vice President
    + Luke Spartalis - Secretary
	+ Alexandra Helens - Social Events Coordinator 

* General attendees 
	+ Sam Barnett
	+ Daniel Walker
	+ Lewis Meier
	+ Jeremy Ruggiero
* Student Representative 
	+ Daniel Walker - First year Representative
	+ Brandon Bastion – Third Year Representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Joshua Norris - Treasurer
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ Joshua Norris - Treasurer
	+ Jason Basely - Web Admin
* Student Representative 
	+ Brandon Bastion – Third Year Representative	
	
Social Events
-------------
* Semester 2 Event Calender.
* Joondalup MegaLAN.
* Ideas and plans for Next Semester.
* Social Events Coordinator has notes on events and should emails to the executive list.
	+ The ML sausage sizzle week 3.
	+ The JO sausage sizzle week 4.
	+ Movie marathon still being planned.

Treasury Report
---------------
* How much do we have?
* How much have we spent?
* How much of our income is from candy sales/membership/etc? (if possible)
* Did first FAL run on 25th July
* CASSA to purchase consoles, three weeks from 26/7/12 to buy, pending approval from treasury 
	+ PS3 and 360, $500+ possibly
	+ Two controllers each

Mentors
-------
* Must be trained by ECU (a 3 hour course)
* Funding
	+ We have a budget from the school, but we aren’t sure what it is. Randal to liaise with Ken about this matter.
* Plans
	+ Unanimous vote approves for CASSA to mentor on behalf on SCSS.

Vice Chancellors Awards
-----------------------
* Has Ken got our application?
	+ Randal is doing the application, to send to Rob to check and then send to Ken.
	+ Deadline in August.
* This could be very good funding for CASSA and allow us to run more activities.

Workshops
---------
* Rob running Lrn2Linux, with content from Randal
	+ Starts week one.
	+ Make sure that the days/rooms are booked and don’t clash with social events.
	+ Option to register classes as a professional development course so we can hand out certificates to students.
	+ Running the hacking workshop around the same time and not offering the same content as the ECU units.

Open Day
--------
* Sunday 12th August
* CONFIRMED: Rob, Alex H, Dan W, 
* MAYBES: Lewis
* 48hours notice on good reason for pulling out
* Bishi Bashi
* Poster advertising netbook prizes
	+ Alex make these

Induction
---------
* How did it go?
	- Went well
* Want to abolish membership fees
	+ Turns people away from joining
	+ What do we do with previous financial members
	+ Need meeting to discuss this specifically
	+ Membership fees meeting: About week 4, advertise, need to confirm date.
	
General meetings
----------------
* Regular schedule, eg every two weeks.
* Either Tues or Thurs, to confirm via list.

FAL Roster
----------	
* New Semester = new roster
* Give people a week’s grace
* Scheduled runs:
	+ Week 2: Lewis
	+ Week 4: (possibly) Sam B
	+ Week 6: Simon
	+ Week 8: TBA
	
Keyholding
----------	

<table>
		<tr><th>Day</th><th>Morning</th><th>Afternoon</th></tr>
		<tr><td>Monday</td><td></td><td>Rob</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Tuesday</td><td>Lewis M</td><td></td></tr>
		<tr><td>Wednesday</td><td>Sam B</td><td></td></tr>
		<tr><td>Thursday</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
		<tr><td>Friday</td><td>Jeremy R</td><td>Alex H</td></tr>
		<tr><td>Sunday</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
</table>

* Back Up: Sam B 

Other Business
--------------
* Next meeting: Week 2, probably Thursday afternoon, then every two weeks
* Building 13.123 room proposals:  Sent a draft. Need approval from others and other points to add.
* Whiteboard for clubroom: Email facilities to try.

	
	
	
