CASSA General Meeting 2012/03/12
================================
Meeting Opened - 5:32PM on the 12th of March 2012
-------------------------------------------------

Sausage Sizzle 
--------------
* Social Events Coordinator to delegate jobs to people if help is required and send out emails.

CASSALAN System
---------------
* Currently megaLAN has no system to keep track of things at an event; members of the group creating the system visited the CASSA meeting and discussed different aspects of the system.

Arcade Machine
--------------
* Remove arcade machine from the office as it is taking up space and try and find a better place for it. After committee discussion 3 options were voted on.
* Jetha has expressed interest in finishing it off. Get in contact with Jetha and let him complete it. – Plan A and preferred plan.
* Sell it to Brett – Plan B and only if we can’t find someone in CASSA to finish it.
* Take off sides and mount them to the wall – If all else fails and no one wants to do anything with it. – Plan C last resort.

Clutter in the Clubroom
-----------------------
* Cables, broken/nonfunctioning computers and controllers should be removed from the clubroom as they are taking up space. Anything broken or useless not removed by Friday 5pm will be thrown out.
* Someone to contact Jetha about stuff he owns in there as he is away.

Screen Out the Front of the Door
--------------------------------
* Old screen is broken and one is needed to replace it.
* Committee voted unanimously on buying a new screen.
* Simon Vin to find best prices and talk to Treasurer.  

Webcams in the Clubroom
-----------------------
* One of the old cameras don’t work anymore, committee discussed purchase and placement of new cameras.
* Committee voted unanimously on purchasing 2 new cameras.
* Simon Vin to find prices and talk to Treasurer. 

FAL Roster
----------
* Jovian, Lewis and Kiran will alternate between each other ever second Friday to go on FAL runs and purchase goods for the CASSA Clubroom.

Roster for CASSA Clubroom on Saturdays
--------------------------------------
* After much discussion no one was able to do it all the time, so each Saturday a couple of key holders will try and get there in the mornings. 

Code for the CASSA Clubroom
---------------------------
* The Code has been changed and anyone needing it should contact the President.

CSU
---
* Guild has response to the President and at this stage CASSA has been offered $2500
* CASSA can obtain other funds through the Australian Computer Society no one has been assigned to this yet.

General Business
----------------
* Jovian voted in as general commitee – unanimous vote
* James Taylor ‘XReaper’ to become External Representative – unanimous vote
James Taylor to help CASSA’s Technical Administrator and to be given sudo on linux box – unanimous vote - pending approval from staff.
* Live streaming the meeting member can view and participate this will be research to see if a good option can be utilised.

Meeting Closed: 6.55pm
----------------------



