CASSA General Meeting 2011/04/12
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
    + Randal Adamson - Vice President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
* Student representatives 
	+ John Norris - 1st year representative 
	+ Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2rd year representative 	
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Ranz Adamson - Vice President
* Student representatives 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative

Tech Administrator Discussion
-----------------------------
* Stuart discussed with Will Clark and stated clearly that he should be
* Proposed to revert Tech Admin to multiple positions - possibly 3 positions
	+ Invited Rob McKnight and Simon Vin to be the replacement Tech Admins as they have already taken the brunt of the work load
	+ Will has been removed from the Tech Admin role now. 
* Stuart/Randal has already told Will prior that he needs to do the work, or step down. He has only offered excuses and nothing more.
* Briefing on the role specific jobs that need to be performed along with warnings and "don'ts" for being a Tech Admin
* Need to formalise a job list for the Tech Admin  role - to be done during a meeting with the techs

MegaLAN Update
--------------
* Network issues 100mb vs 1gb
	+ Randal will source the HP ProCurves - GB 16port switches - double the price but much more worthwhile so we are obtaining the switches
* Stuart sent the email RE: Sponsorship support for the MegaLAN to Craig Valli
	+ Has not heard back from him as yet but need to contact again regarding this
* Jason's Update
	+ Rhys will be organising the competition timetable as delegated by Jason
	+ Non-Computing Equipment - Organised by Brandon
		- Trestle tables and chairs are organised and good to go
		- Bins still need to be organised - 8 should suffice
	+ A room for the Street Fighter 4 tournament needs to be looked into as well
* Lindsey's Update
	+ 3 phase power extensions are booked and good to go
	+ Power chains need to be bought 
		- 6x8 outlet chains $30 each (total of 48 outlets)
		- This + standard powerboards should suffice as enough outlets for power
	+ Extension cords - try and get people to bring, if not:
		- Can hire from the 3-phase people, ~$10/day
* Internet connection from another building
	+ Greg sent out an email RE: service request for firewall access for 14
	+ Central IT should have this organised in time as it was sent as an Urgent Staff request
	
Social Events Update
--------------------
* Nicole's Thor Movie Night
	+ Jason needs to discuss it with Nicole and help organise it some more
	+ A Facebook event needs to be created - and tweeted about
	+ Event on the CASSA website as well

General Committee Elections
---------------------------
* Simon Vin nominates Rhys Hunter to be a new General Committee Member (9 for | 1 Abstain)
	+ Accepted

Call to Action
--------------
* Jovin Sveinbjornsson
	+ Give Jason the details of the Street Figher 4 Tournament organiser
	+ Create an event on Facebook for the Thor movie night
	+ Give Simon Vin and Rob McKnight event creation privaleges on the Facebook page
	+ Begin tweeting information regarding the events and other information about CASSA
		- Send out a 'how-to' for the CASSA twitter feed
* Jason Baseley
	+ Liaise with Nicole to get more awareness about the Thor movie night (not as important as following)
	+ Contact the Street Fighter 4 Tournament organiser and get that underway
	+ Contact Brandon RE:
		- Organising having 8 large bins supplied for the MegaLAN
* Randal Adamson OR Rob McKnight OR Simon Vin
	+ Post a notice on the CASSA home page RE: Thor movie night