CASSA General Meeting 2011/05/10
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student representatives 
    + Josh Norris -1st year representative 
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + Randal Adamson - Vice President
	+ Stuart Pearson - President
	+ Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Simon Vin - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
* Student representatives 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative
	
End of Semester Organising 
-------
* Simon Vin brought up an image of the EoS Poster draft and the general reception was good, it can be viewed on the monitors outside the CASSA office (and within the DropBox folder for those of you granted access to it).
    + Some possible improvements to the poster were suggested, such as:
		- Possible hue changes
		- Text modification - this has been done, simply removing a small section and adding the much needed comment of "All Welcome"
	+ Another possibility was that we make a more 'nerdy' version of the poster for the Building 13 (SCSS Building) poster areas - Simon does have quite a few assignments to work on so this may not become a reality.
* FMO has been contacted regarding us getting a temporary liquor license for the venue on the night so we can charge entry fees for it. This is still only a remote possibility but we must remain open about it
* The following points have been superseded by a booking on the campus:
	+ Generous Squire - possibility, enquire more information on Tab
	+ Possibly contact - Scotto's, Paddington, ML Bowl's Club RE: Event Hosting
		- Possibly 'CASSA Cocktail'
* We discussed the entry fee for the EoS and decided upon:
	+ $15 for Non-Members
	+ $10 for Members
* Need to organize the food for the night	
	+ Who can provide or make what?
	+ What exactly do we want?

MegaLAN Semester 2 Organizing
-----------------------------
* Sponsoring to get prizes or simply some funding for the next MegaLAN event. Jovin has been in contact with some companies
	+ We have contacted
		- Blizzard, Valve, Razer, Austin, PLE
* Advertising for the event needs to be under way by the end of semester, this includes:
	+ Posters should be created and put up around campus
	+ Twitter should be updated
	+ Event should be created on Facebook
	+ Messages on IRC / CASSA home page
* More time and constrictions need to be allocated to the Gaming Tournaments for the next MegaLAN. By the middle of Mid-Year Break the following should be completed:
	+ Have an exhaustive list of the games to be played - this needs to be limited to 5-7 games to allow for less overlapping between the tournaments
	+ The rules, regulations and restrictions for each game need to be outlined clearly and on a medium that people can view (facebook/cassa home page). This includes the following details as well:
		- The list of maps to be played in each tounament where applicable
		- The game style(teams/single)
		- Rules and special modifications to servers
* An Intranet Site has been brought up as management tool for both the tournament signups and also food ordering (unless we go with a sausage sizzle), our current options regarding this are:
	+ Source the name of an existing server (Dan Bloom says he knows one)
	+ Develop our own Intranet Site (Jovin, Simon & Rob have elected to do this)

New Roles Opening
-----------------
* Our current Tuesday Keyholder has not been attending at all the entire of the semester. As such we needed a new Keyholder(s). The following have volunteered:
	+ Morning - Simon Vin
	+ Afternoon - Joshua Norris
* Matt Puccinelli has notified Jovin that he feels he is doing an inadequate job in his role of 1st Year Representative and would like to stand down. We had no other 1st years attending the meeting so the following was decided:
	+ Greg Baatard will mention it in his 1st Year classes
	+ Josh Norris will put the word out to his peers

Other Business
--------------
* Harry Potter Marathon
	+ 3.210-216 possibly
* GSL Finals Viewing, this was raised by Daniel Bloom and could be a good money maker  as there is no viewing of this event north of the river (There is one held in Mandurah). Some other things need to be considered in this however, such as:
	+ Security Logistics - not all attending the viewing would be University students
	+ We can make money by selling drinks and candy at the event, or by charging a flat $5 entry fee for all
* It has been brought to Jovin's attention that calling the meetings for 6pm is too late, as such meetings will now be held at 5pm on the selected dates
* Next Meeting:
	+ When: Tuesday 24th May @ 5PM
	+ Where: CASSA Clubroom (3.202)

Call to Action List
-------------------
* Jason Baseley
	+ Organize a meeting with the Social Committee to discuss the following:
		- Food & Non-Alcoholic Drinks
		- Music - what to play, how to decided what to play
		- etc.
* Jovin Sveinbjornsson
	+ Create Facebook Pages:
		- End of Semester Party
		- Harry Potter Marathon
		- MegaLAN Sem 2
	+ Update Twitter:
		- Same information as Facebook updates
* Simon Vin
	+ Create Harry Potter Poster
* Simon Vin OR Rob McKnight
	+ Update CASSA Home Page to have information on:
		- End of Semester Party
		- Harry Potter Marathon
* Daniel Bloom
	+ Source the name of the Intranet LAN Management Site
* Rhys Hunter
	+ Begin organizing the tournaments for MegaLAN Sem 2
* Anyone able
	+ Contact possible Sponsors for the MegaLAN event







