CASSA General Meeting 2011/09/08
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
    + Randal Adamson - Vice President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Simon Vin - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student representatives 
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 

* Student representatives 
	+ Josh Norris -1st year representative 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative	
	+ Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative

New Secretary
-------------
* It was announced two weeks prior that Jovin Sveinbjornsson would be resigning from the Secretary position. As such the initial purpose for this meeting is to elect a new secretary in his place.
    + Nominees: Jetha Chan
	+ New Secretary: Jetha Chan (100% vote)

Games in the Clubroom
---------------------
* A heated discussion arose about gaming in the clubroom and whether or not we should remove it, moderate it or other possibilities, the points below are the key discussion points:
	+ It seems that people would like to be able to use the clubroom as a study area that is quieter and less disruptive to a productive student.
		- There have been arguments on both sides of this discussion stating:
		- It is a clubroom, not an office, as such it should aim at being a relaxing environment, as there is plenty of study space outside the room
		- The noise may drive off possible customers and sales and as such gaming should be switched to a less rowdy game
		- Noise can also attract people as they become intrigued as to what is going on in the room
	+ The amount of gaming done in the clubroom apparently presents CASSA as a gaming club rather than a computing in general club
		- This stems out from too many people crowded in the room around the consoles at a time, as such more people need to be out the front with laptops or talking to present another face of CASSA
	+ IRC Screen within the room with very large font was a possibility as it gives the room a means of seeing what people are talking about in the CASSA channel and allows them to respond in turn as well

Keyholders
----------
* Keyholders have not been adequately assigned and as such we have large times when the clubroom is left closed and unmanned
* New keyholders must be determined ASAP and this will be done via an email thread	
	
Door Lock	
---------
* It is well due for a code change as too many people (including people who shouldn’t) know the code	
		+ 100% approval vote

MegaLAN
-------		
* Only two key things are remaining for organizing:
	+ 3 Phase Power – requiring an update from Lindsay on the situation of this
	+ Internet – Greg Baatard is apparently dealing with this according to Jason Baseley
* Jason has the following duties
	+ Obtain as many trestle tables from the FMO as possible for the event (up to a maximum of 35)
	+ Contact FMO about having the posters placed around campus in the locked positions (on the metal signs around campus)
	+ Street Fighter tournament guys need to be contacted as well
* Rhys has the following duties
	+ Finalize the games and formats for the tournaments
* Prizes for the tournaments need to be decided upon and finalized / obtained

YLOD (PS3 Yellow Light of Death)	
--------------------------------	
* Can obtain a $7.95 repair kit with tutorial online for it
* Advised Alex should obtain a quote for the repairs and CASSA will pay for 50% of the repairs
* CASSA will implement a no liability policy from now on and will have appropriate signage within the clubroom
	
Inter-University Computer Club Camp 	
-----------------------------------
* ComSSA will be making the poster for the event and will forward the final version to Stuart so we can have them printed and placed around the university
* Steph has advised that the following subsidization will occur:
	+ The price will be subsidized down to $80 per ticket for the first 10 people to purchase one
