CASSA General Meeting 2011/07/19
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
    + Randal Adamson - Vice President	
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Simon Vin - 2nd year representative, Web admin
* Student representatives 
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student representatives 
    + Josh Norris -1st year representative 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative
	
Camp
----
* Randal has taken up a role as a Temporary Senior Technical Admin
* Jovin, Simon and Rob want to perform an overhaul on the CASSA website and will create a ‘proof of concept’ over the mid-year break
* Harry Potter Marathon payments are required by June 31st, after this the tickets will be going up for grabs again to First Paid First Served.

MegaLAN Semester 2
------------------
* Jason will have more to discuss on this matter by Friday 29th July

End of Semester
---------------
* After discussing options about how to obtain the keg it was decided that the most viable option would be to ask the ECU Brewery how much a keg would cost and only obtain 1 keg (there is always way too much left over at the end of things)
* A problem with the event in past is it starts too late and most people don’t like this, instead it will be turned into more of a sundowner where it will begin at 4pm
* Have only finger food this time, easier to manage and possibly get a caterer in
* As this event will be held in summer it was discussed that there might be a possibility to hold this event outside at the university. This needs to be brought up with facilities to see if we would be able to do such a thing

FAL Run
-------
* A FAL run will be performed the following Tuesday after the Joondalup induction

Meeting with Craig
------------------
* Discussion points to raise with Craig
	+ Access to building 3
	+ Organize the next meeting with Craig



