CASSA General Meeting 2011/04/05
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
	+ Randal Adamson - Vice President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
* Student representatives 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ John Norris - 1st year representative 
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ Ranz Adamson - Vice President
* Student representatives 
	+ Alex Babic - 2rd year representative 	
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative

Regarding Joondalup Meetings and Events
---------------------------------------
* Matt Puccinelli declined the opportunity to become the Joondalup Social Committee and this point will be postponed indefinitely until the following semester or as above, the students of the Joondalup campus take initiative for themselves to organise anything

Social Events 
-------------
* Social Events to liaise with Craig
	+ Jason and Stuart will meet after the MegaLAN and will organise the other events that will be pinned throughout the year and then brought to the attention of Craig Valli
* Steak Night
	+ Possibly on a Monday night at The Paddington in Mt Hawthorn as they have $20 steak night (T-Bone Steak, Wedges, Salad and Half-Pint of Beer)
	+ This requires people to be over 18 for the whole event
	+ There is a 141 club that the CASSA club could enter which is drinking one of every beer on their list of 141 beers - does not need to be performed in one session and therefore is not detrimental to students health or study habits.
	+ Possible date: Long Weekend in June (~Week 11)
* Discuss the Movie Nights, Bowling Nights and Laser Tag at the next meeting

CASSA Management 
----------------
* RE: Cash Box
	+ Unanimous vote to pass purchase of the new cash box for CASSA as the old one is becoming troublesome
* Better Sign Up System
	+ Greg and Randal have completed this task and is implemented and ready to go according to Ranz
* Social Media - Jovin
	+ Unanimous pass vote - Jovin will manage the Social Media for CASSA
	+ This includes Facebook, Twitter, Flickr - these accounts will be set up (excluding the Facebook one as it already exists; notification will be sent out via the executive mailing list, then the general mailing list)

MegaLAN 
-------
* Equipment - Lindsay
	+ Prices for The Hire Guys
		- 3 phase extension cables 
			- Need 30m for the LAN, they only have 2x 10m @ $33.00 each per day
		- Regular extension cables - 15m $8.80 each per day
	+ Coates
		- Entirely hired out
* Sub Committee for the MegaLAN
	+ For members of the sub-committee, please read through the other documentation that was attached in this email
* Consoles will be there in the same style they were at the previous MegaLAN (according to Stuart)
* Randal proposed that CASSA attempts to build up their own collection of equipment - not necessarily over one event but possibly multiple MegaLAN's; at each one purchase a bit more equipment to build up an equipment base.
	- This should be brought up again at the next Mount Lawley general meeting and also in a meeting with the MegaLAN sub-committee
	- Storage can become a problem for the equipment - logistics of this is to be discussed at the next meeting

Next General Meeting Details 
----------------------------
* To be held at an undisclosed restaurant for Lunch time
* Date: Tuesday the 26th of April

Other Business
--------------
* No other business to be raised and the meeting is closed

Call to Action 
--------------
* Jovin
	+ Create the CASSA Twitter and Flickr accounts and synchronize them with the Facebook account

