CASSA General Meeting 2011/03/22
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
* Student representatives 
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
	+ Randal Adamson - Vice President
* Student representatives 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ John Norris - 1st year representative 
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative
	
Joondalup Committee
-------------------
* Discussed as a whole and came to the agreement that having a few ‘committee’ members at the Joondalup campus would be good
	+ It would make running and organizing events at JO much easier
	+ Will discuss at the next General Meeting to be held at Joondalup on the 5th of April

Club Website Updating
---------------------
* Brought to the attention that the website and facebook page are in need of some updating and as Will Clark already has quite a bit on his plate we decided to give these roles to other people
* CASSA.org.au will be maintained and updated by Randal Adamson
* The new Facebook Moderator will be Jovin Sveinbjornsson

New Monday Keyholder 
--------------------
* Jovin Sveinbjornsson has been unable to attend the duty of Monday’s afternoon keyholder
* Lynette Thompson volunteered to take the place, giving her keyholder-ship of the entire day

Academic / Student Consultation Meeting
---------------------------------------
* We brought this to attention in the meeting to discuss possible outlines as to what can be taken into the meeting with Craig Valli, the following points have been raised:
	+ Access Cards to Building 3 – we need them so that students can access the clubroom after hours
	+ MSDN-AA Site Issues – downloads are either slow or corrupt upon completion, both from home and at the university
	+ Unable to lock the computers in building 13 – meanwhile this may have a purpose throughout the uni as a way of forcing people to log off, the students within SCSS regularly attend building 13 out of office hours and 	sometimes need to leave to have breaks, locking the computer is a necessary security feature
* Clarification of Intellectual Projects Ownership + Rights for Applied IT Projects – Jetha brought this to our attention as he would like to know if his groups Applied IT Project will remain ‘his groups’
* General consensus was to find out the representatives availability dates and organize a meeting around all of those

Other Business
--------------
* Sausage Sizzle
	+ Greg bought all the onions, sausages, buns, vege sausages, sauce
* Internet Proposal
	+ Copied from Greg’s Email:
		- Stuart and Peter had been discussing the possibility of buying a Vividwireless internet plan to give the club full internet access in our room.  Upon further investigation, it was found to be a bad idea for now due to issues of coverage (we’re in a dead zone), costs, terms and conditions (not allowed to resell), enforcing payment and preventing abuse.  Idea has been postponed indefinitely
* Financial Health of the Club (as of the meeting)
	+ Approximately $1500.00 in the Bank Account
	+ Approximately $250.00 in Cash held by Greg Baatard
	+ $688.77 in the PayPal account
* Food Shelf / Shop
	+ In order to sell the chips and other ‘candy’ it was decided that we would need to set up a “shop-front” within the CASSA room to more adequately advertise that we have these
	+ Decided that the shelves facing the door would be the best option as they are incredibly noticeable from outside
	+ Lynette Thompson volunteered to set this up initially and maintain it during her Monday keyholder shifts
* Screens Progress
	+ Discussed the likelihood that the display will be finished sometime soon
	+ Randal said that he had pushed Will to get some work done on them today but that it may be a bit longer as Will has a lot to handle currently
	+ Discussed where the events database could be stored for the screen display
		- Suggested using the VBulletin Database for events as that can be easily accessible using a simple SQL query
* Jason's Possible Social Events
	+ Human vs Zerg Nerf War (Jason) – basically wants to replicate the UWA Guild HvZ war for the CASSA members, we moved on to discuss:
	+ Logistics
		- How would we obtain so many Nerf guns without using all of CASSA’s funds?
		- A significant amount of rooms would need to be booked to allow for the students to be running around firing the Nerf guns everywhere
		- Mentioned that even during semester breaks there can be other events or exams or lectures (as some schools have trimesters)
	+ Was suggested that we could maybe contact the UWA Guild about having our members participate in their next events
	+ Assassins (Jason) (Possible Name: CASSAssins)
		- Overview if you do not know what this is: Basically Assassins is where you sign up and put in a picture of your face (unobstructed, clearly viewable) and upon signing up you are assigned a ‘target’ and receive their picture. It is then your duty to attempt to “Assassinate” this target.
		- It was decided that a forum thread would need to be set up to discuss the rules and regulations that would go into this game
		- Google-ing examples of university games of Assassin’s was suggested by Greg Baatard in order to avoid trying to re-create the entire ruleset ourselves
	+ The Phone (Greg)
		- You or a team signs up and then you start receiving orders via ‘The Phone’ from a ‘mystery’ person. The first team to successfully complete all the orders wins
* MegaLAN Date Discussion
	+ Advised that the original date set out in the AGM was in conflict with UCC’s LAN, as such we moved to the 25th & 26th of April as both are public holidays
* Recruiting New Members
	+ Randal Adamson brought this up that we should all be promoting and recruiting for CASSA, this includes:
		- New members – recruit more and more
		- Our drinks/candy – mention it to as many people as possible that we ARE the cheapest

Call to Action 
--------------
* Jovin 
	+ Call a General Meeting to be held at the Joondalup Campus
	+ Email the Reps for Availability regarding the Meeting with Craig Valli
	+ Purchase bags of ice for the Sausage Sizzle
* Jason
	+ Contact UWA Guild for next HvZ event to enquire as to whether we can assimilate into their event
	+ Get the MegaLAN organized this means:
		- Have advertising complete
			- Posters need to be finished and put up around Campus
				- Both Mount Lawley AND Joondalup
			- Jovin Sveinbjornsson must receive all necessary details to create a Facebook Event
			- Randal Adamson must receive all necessary details to update the Websites MegaLAN page
		- Organise equipment hire – contact RF Lan normally?
			- Speak to Greg/Stuart for more information on this point
		- Organise room and furniture hire from the Facilities & Management Office at ECU Mount Lawley






