CASSA General Meeting 2011/08/25
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Stuart Pearson - President
    + Jovin Sveinbjornsson - Secretary
    + Jason Baseley - Social Co-ordinator
	+ Randal Adamson - Vice President
	+ Steph Stidolph - Treasurer
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Simon Vin - 2nd year representative, Web admin
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student representatives 
    + Josh Norris -1st year representative 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
    + Simon Vin - 2nd year representative
	+ Rob McKnight - 2nd year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
    + Lindsay Bunney - 3rd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ Will Clark - Tech Admin
	+ Jana Buvari - Presidents Advisor
* Student representatives 
    + Josh Norris -1st year representative 
	+ Matt Puccinelli - 1st year representative
	+ Alex Babic - 2nd year representative
	+ Jetha Chan - 3rd year representative
	+ Gwyn Hannay - Post-grad representative

Sausage Sizzle
--------------
* Jason advised that he has booked the barbeque with the Guild and it will be good to go (along with a marquee tent)
* Jovin and Viktor will run the sausage sizzle (post event addendum – Viktor did not attend)
* Jason will order the sausages and buns

FAL
---
* FAL run to be performed, list is as follows:
	+ 1x24 Dr Pepper
	+ 3x24 Coca Cola
	+ 3x24 Cheapest Sugar Free Cola
	+ 1x24 Energy Drink
	+ 2x Solo
	+ 1x Orange Drink
	+ 1x Mountain Dew

MegaLAN Semester 2
------------------
* Simon advised that he will get onto creating the poster – due date is 10th September
* Lindsay agreed to book the 3 phase power again
* Need to ask Jana if we are able to borrow her speakers from her again
* Greg or Jason will need to book the appropriate rooms for the event
* We will have the exact same desk layout as previous semesters LANs
* Discussion of possible prizes up to a value of $10-15 for the tournaments ($110-165 total) this will give more incentive for people to show up and participate in the event

Treasurers Report
-----------------
* We have discussed the benefits of having a bank account and as a whole approve the creation of said bank account
	+ We have approved that a new Signatory member will be added to the account: Joshua Norris

Other Business 
--------------
* New Screen for above the CASSA entry door
	+ Viktor said he could speak to people about sourcing a screen
	+ Lindsay offered to donate a spare screen that he possessed
	+ Stuart said it was possible he might be able to donate one when he picks himself up a new screen for his home computer
* Camp
	+ Steph advises that CASSA will offer a discount of the following amount
		- Up to $20-30 per ticket
	+ Ticket deadline: 20th September
* It has been brought to our attention that the policies need to be enforced more strictly in future





