CASSA General Meeting 2013/01/30
================================
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Rob McKnight - President
    + Simon Vin - Vice President
	+ Jason Basely - Web Admin
	+ Alexandra Helens - Social Events Coordinator 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student Representative 
	+ Daniel - First year Representative
	+ Brandon Bastion – Third Year Representative
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
    + Luke Spartalis - Secretary
	+ Joshua Norris - Treasurer
		
Proposed abolition of membership fees
-------
* •	Modification of constitution as per section 28.1 of current constitution
	+ o	Modified Constitution to be voted on electronically and ratified at AGM
* Pros
	+ Don't make much from membership fees
	+ Creates a barrier to people joining
	+ Need people more than we need money
* Cons
	+ People who paid before may complain 
	+ Can't abolish without membership approval
	+ Confusion regarding event pricing
* Options
	+ Refunding? no
	+ Free Drink to reimburse old members who paid in semester 2 2012
* A vote was taken as to whether or not to modify the constitution as per section 28.1
	+ It passed unanimously
* A vote was taken as to whether or not to set the current membership fee to $0 until the constitution has been ratified.
	+ It passed unanimously

First 2013 FAL run before semester
----------------------------------
* To be combined with Induction Day Preperation to occur on Saturday 2nd Febuary

AGM preparation
---------------
* Friday of week 1 optimally 22nd of Feb
* Will need to advertise at induction
* AGM will ratify constitution change
* Print job description pamphlets
* Josh required to provide funds for pizza
* Organise driver for pizza pickup (Brandon possible/Carman)

Induction Day
-------------
* Purchasing of candy by Alex, Daniel, Jason, Rob in Jason's car 2PM 2nd Feb
* Flyers need to be prepped and printed by Saturday
* Speakers – Alex, Daniel
* Powerpointage – To be done by Alex

Events
------
* interclub hangout
	+ COMSSA is interested
	+ UCC thinks it’s “too social”
	+ Originally organised for mid to late Feb prior to start of semester
	+ Postponed to a later date
* Early MegaLan prep. 
	+ Start advertising and booking from start of semester.
	+ Posters from start of semester
	+ don’t let it clash with UCC lans or other events
	+ Advertise at induction
	+ promote esports
* semester 1 sausagefest
	+ dates to be booked

Other Business
--------------
* Workshops
	+ Hacking – CySCA
	+ Learn2Linux – ask James if he’s interested in running it
	+ Physical security and lockpicking
		- Peter is willing to run these
		- Will require Purchasing tools
		- Looking at CASSA selling kits to practice with maybe
		- Schedule outside of work hours if possible
* Purchases
	+ o	Star Wars XBox brought up again.
	+ Occulus Rift Dev Kit – Possible but maybe better to wait for release.
	+ Screwdriver Set – Unanimously voted to be purchased.
	+ Rack for cable management – for next committee to do
* Old Television voted to be thrown out






