CASSA General Meeting 2013/03/15
================================
General update on the status of the executive
---------------------------------------------
* Social Events: on track
* Web admin: on track
* Secretary: on track
* Treasury: Signatories, $6500 in account
* President: Guild stuff, JO members, Club space, inter uni relations

Mentoring Program
-----------------
* Lack of response from Ken
* Contact Justin for advice
* Mentors
* Advertising: Lewis
* Funding info missing

FAL Organisation
----------------
* Lewis organising for now
* Incentives for runs?

Upcoming Event: Meet Up
-----------------------
* Location JO 19.101
* Friday 22/05/2012
* 4:30-8:30pm
* Pizza and drinks
* Decent numbers possible

Upcoming Event: Sausage Sizzles
-------------------------------
* ML and JO
* Dates Known
* $1.50 Hot Dogs
* Someone to buy sausages from Coles
* Onions, sauce and oil
* Bread rolls
* Drinks run
* Ice
* 3 Volunteers needed
* Vegan sausages?
* Check wiki content

Upcoming Event: MegaLAN
-----------------------
* Final date confirmation
* Brandon sorting power gear and tournaments
* Alex running bishi bashi
* James setting up gear
* Ozhadou might be coming
* Volunteers wanted
* Simon making poster, ASAP
* No change in pricing

Workshops
---------
* Lrn2linux
	+ Slides done
	+ Room Organised?
	+ Advertising
* Security/lockpicking
	+ Peter away
	+ Equipment information needed
		- Total cost?

New Website
-----------
* On track, 90% done
* License Payment $175 initial, $20 for 6 months of patches

Vice Chancellor Student Advisory Forum
--------------------------------------
* Alexandra
* Anthony Kedis

THINK
-----
* Curtin networking
* Events
* Support
* Invitations to ACS events

State of room
-------------
* Cleanliness
* Tech Management
* furniture/storage
	+ New Cabinet
		- Facilities Requisition
	+ Folding chairs
	+ Cable holders
* Cameras 
	+ New account for justin.tv
	+ 2 Cameras working again
* Whiteboard
* General Posters
* Take posters down after events

Action List
-----------
* Dan to contact Justin re mentoring
* James to give wiki content to Louis
* Louis to keep working on website (light theme)
* Louis to start documenting on forums of new site
* Lewis to make create "register your interest" posters for mentoring - mentors and mentees (contact Greg to print them)
* Lewis to find people interested in helping with FAL runs
* Alexandra to make event on Facebook for JO meet up event
* Alexandra to order pizza for JO meet up event
* Alexandra to post date and create event for sausage sizzle
* Alexandra to create Bishi Bashi tournament structure for LAN
* Brandon to create other tournament structures/details for LAN
* Simon to finish LAN poster (contact Greg to print them)
* Brandon to order power gear for LAN
* Dan to contact Peter regarding lockpicking workshop

