CASSA General Meeting 2014/03/21
================================
Meeting start: 3:32PM
---------------------
Attendance 
----------
* Executive committee 
    + Alexandra Helens - President
    + Ashley Woodiss-Field - Vice President
	+ James Taylor - Web Admin
    + Damon Baldwin - Secretary
	+ Matthew Aristei - Treasurer
	+ Brandon Bastian - Social Events Coordinator 
	+ Greg Baatard - Staff liaison officer 
* Student Representative 

* General Attendees
	+ Pete Anderson 
	+ Emmett Hoolahan 
	+ David Maxwell
	+ Sam Reid 
	+ Ash Styles 
	+ Brett Turner 
Absentees
---------
* Executive committee 
	+ William Termini - Tech Admin
	+ Lewis Meier - Presidents Advisor
* Student Representatives 
	+ William Termini - First Year Representative
	+ Rylan Gristwood - Second Year Representative
	+ Leigh Fitzpatrick – Third Year Representative
	+ Lewis Meier - Third Year Representative
Action List
-----------
* Alexandra
    + Obtain CASSA Office Key from Matthew James - By 28th March
	+ Order the Buns for Sausage Sizzle – 24th March
	+ Arrange a meeting with Andrew, Head of School – After Greg has contacted Andrew about the change of Presidents
* Matthew, Alexandra, Lewis and Sam
	+ Treasurers Signatures changed – Arranged for 24th March
* Greg 
	+ Contact Head of School about the change of Presidents
	+ Contact Luke Tottman from AusHadu
	+ Request Clubroom Door code change
* James 
	+ Give Alexandra with President Email Account
	+ Get the Wiki content available to be reviewed and revised at a later date
* Brandon and Matthew 
	+ Drinks Run for Sausage Sizzle – 24th March
* Not specified 
	+ Exec names sent to Woodward for after-hours access
	+ Create an Inventory of the CASSA Office
	+ Find class schedule of the Lecture Room next to the Clubroom
	+ Contact Local Businesses such as Tactics, Good Games for Sponsorship or future sponsorship
	+ Obtain cleaning gear to tidy up the clubroom

Election of Replacement President
---------------------------------
* The office of President was awarded to Alexandra Helens, Nominees:
	+ Alexandra Helens
	+ For: 13 includes proxy votes
	+ Against: 0
	+ Abstains: 4

Appoint Additional Keyholders
-----------------------------
* Alexandra wants to meet all current and future key holders.
* Current Keyholders: Lauren Thomas, Jeremy Ruggiero, Lewis Meier, Sam Reid, David Maxwell
and members of Exec.
* Get the key from Matt (Previous Unofficial President). The Deadline of Key given to Alex by
Friday 28th March. 	
	
Events 
------
* Next Wednesday Sausage Sizzle
	+ Get an events page up for Sausage Sizzle.
	+ Print out pricing for Sausage Sizzle.
	+ Alex is booking for the bread buns on Monday 24th in the Morning.
	+ Drinks Run on Monday by Brandon and Matthew.
	+ Oil, sauces, serviettes, ice and cooking utensils required.
	+ Sausages will be bought in the morning.
* MegaLan
	+ Megalan is on the 19-20th
	+ Thursday: Tables delivered, Check Routing and Power-cables are taped up.
	+ See what Global Game Jam want to do for the MegaLAN.
	+ ACTION: Greg – contact Luke Tottman from AusHadu
	+ Sponsors: Tactics, Goodgame – at the least we should contact them. Set a deadline date to get this done next week
	+ POSTER: We need a poster- put something on the facebook page
	+ Idea: Lense-flare filled poster
	+ Cost of 10AUD for members, 15 for non-members
	+ Tournaments: Project M, Bishi Bashi, PowerStone, Minecraft, LoL, TF2
	+ Assemble 5man teams before the Megalan
	+ Potential for a film crew by Michael Moshos and his group to record the MegaLan
	
Tech/Web Stuff
--------------	
* ACTION: Greg - Hassle James about getting the wiki content dumped.

State of the Room
-----------------	
* ACTION: Inventory of Office and Clubroom
* ACTION: Greg – Request door code change
* ACTION: James – Setup Alex with President email account
* Regular deposits of cash. Reports on finances and cash flow.
* ACTION: Class schedule for the room next door to the clubroom.
* Bin liners on top of the bookshelf, cleaners no longer empty our bins.
* Investigate in borrowing or obtaining cleaning tools to keep the Cassa Clubroom clean.	
	
Other issues of importance
--------------------------
* ACTION: Alex emailing about Meeting with Andrew, Head of School
* ACTION: Get the office up and running again
* Python Class next semester
* Software Carpentry – Resource for tech/software learning
* ACTION: Exec names over to Woodward for after-hours access	
	
Meeting officially finished at 4:55PM
-------------------------------------
	
	
	
	
	
	
	